A Rated-Y Sonic Event 220, 220 this time. Anyways, kind of, you know, Greek, I'm going to break with a little bit of news. I don't know if you want to comment on it, but people did ask us about music recently and one of my childhood idols, because I was a musician, Ozzy Osbourne, died today.

I saw that. I saw that. And I rebooted the computer here.

I downloaded IObit and all that, and it took me to some browser I don't use, and that was on there. Yeah, we brought, you brought up Ozzy Osbourne when we were talking about them sacrificing their children. So how old is he? 80? 75? Something like that? 76.

Yeah. Yeah, they're all, they're all around 70-something. Yeah.

Yeah, but it was kind of weird because we had talked about him recently and he did his farewell concert. It really was a farewell concert this time, and that was that, but man, oh man, it's weird to watch the mainstream media behave around this guy now, you know, as opposed to the way they used to. I mean, he was, you know, the Prince of Darkness and all that.

Anyway, I just bring it up as a light subject. Yeah, the media, it's all controlled, you know, the public perception, but you know, a good wake-up call for what the media and the politicians are doing, it's the same thing, is study, it's very hard to find it. If I find a YouTube, someone who covered it, I'll put it in the Ocellian, the Greek chatango, but look up what happened post-war, between World War I and World War II, Berlin, Germany.

What they did there for 15 years was what they did here with the woke and the Biden stuff and the this, that, and the other, right, including, you know, characters that were infamous now are okay and vice versa, right? So if you want to see an extreme sort of what, it's more extreme when you see it, exactly what you're living being done in another era. So yeah. I think the study of Mussolini, to be honest with you, is actually more interesting for the media perspective, because remember, that was actually his business to begin with, everybody forgets that.

He was in the newspaper business, and so were the people behind him when they swept him in and did all that, right? And it was this whole media, it was a complete media concoction. I mean, maybe it's more akin to the Obama thing, but then again, it's a similar program to what's happening now. It's all media.

The media is more important than people imagine. You know, the laws, okay, laws have been completely disregarded because this country, meaning the U.S., U.S.A., U.S. of A, was set up to be unencumbered the way other monarchies and parliamentary or whatever democracies were, you know, and because it was unencumbered, the scumbags came over here and they took over very craftily using the media again. And what they did was they got people out of their venue, which is a lawful venue, and put them in these other political venues of the political parties and, you know, how great their life is as long as they can afford to buy what's being offered and, right, all this other stuff, always demonizing those that don't want to get into, you know, the mainstream.

You know, this has been going on for a long time. But one thing that people don't realize, and you always have, by the way, I was told this, I was sat down in the 80s, bunch of sort of ex-hippies, not really full-on hippies more like the new age type from the 60s, and it says, listen, you're at war here, meaning not you, everything is at war with you, the medical, the banking, the religion, everything is at war and the people don't see it, right? So the war is over, you know, in other words, people lost. And give me examples, I heard a medical person recently say, we were talking about medical stuff and what's going on, and he's like, oh, yeah, we're legally trying to get as much money out of it as we can, you know, basically while they're working.

So it tells you that the medical wants to get as much money out of it, but legally, so the medical, the legal, and the financial are one thing, it's one institution, really. Don't look at, you could look at it at separate branches, just like you look at Kentucky Fried Chicken and Taco Bell, they're all part of PepsiCo, right? So it's all financial, and it's a financial war, and you've lost, the population has lost, you're done now, so in other words, typically what happens, the losing side, what happens to the population, they usually become enslaved, and they get dumped, first of all, they lose their money, right, the value of any currency, they lose their education, and the thing is to keep dumbing them down, a perfect example is what the Ottomans did to, let's say, Albania and Greece and all that, you know, that's what's happened here, it's an old formula that's been used, but the people have lost, they will never recover, that's why it's good that the whole thing will be destroyed apocalyptically, because there's nothing, you can't, there's nothing to work with, the substance that is here now is unworkable. There's a lot of people out there trying to make headway, but they fall into guru status, not enough common sense, right, they all have a process, you know, whether it's medical, financial, legal, they all raise, oh, you're gonna study this guy's process, oh, this guy, it's not about that at all, that's another failure, right, it needs to be very simple, very simply put, and it has to be a very, very quote-unquote common sense attitude, you know, you don't need to really learn too much, other than the outline that I just gave, you're at war and you've lost the war, right, so what do you do then? There's not a lot of talk about that, there's a lot of talk in history and whatever about how to fight a war, how to be part of, what did they call the French during the German occupation, National Socialist Party, oh, the resistance, yeah, that's, yeah, would you see, the French, I would say the French lost, you know, to the National Socialist Party, to Germany at the time, yeah, they were losers, yeah, but the thing is, they were sort of, would you say liberated, yeah, you can call, because they couldn't do it themselves, let's say, by the way, most people think, the Americans did not go into Berlin, they bombed the shit out of it, it was taken over by the Russians, but anyway. 

Yeah, of course, and the other thing to remember is, look, just because the plantation owner changes doesn't mean that the status of the slave does. That's very interesting, Mansa brings up, Mansa Mahata, you know, you work at the, you left the fields in the farm and now you work at the plant, right? Right. Plant is short for plantation. 

Yeah, of course. Yeah, I didn't really have that in my forward consciousness, of course it is, right? Yeah. But most people don't think, you know, he works at the plant, you know, it's like, wow, so you lost a lot, and when did you lose? You lost just before the Civil War, is when you lost as a population. 

So, but here, you still have unencumbered freedoms. If you know your rights, if you know what you can do in law, and legally, and financially, you're not, you know, you're free to move, I'm not saying that then they, you can't do what you have to do, you're free to move, but you're going to be met with resistance from them, right? So years ago, when he came up with the stuff that cars run on water, or financial stuff, you know, the, what was it, the something river case, where he proved that the banks don't lend anything, and the milkman died, the judge died in that case, the attorney died, you know, Credit River case. That was back 40, 50 years ago, where the courts ruled against the banks, because the banks don't lend money, right? Oh, is that the one where they gave him the house and said, look, just take the house and go away, and you don't owe nothing, that one? No, no, I think it was before that, it was a pretty big ruling, and they killed everyone in the case. 

Yeah, well, here's the thing, you always own the house, you give them security interest. That's the thing, one of these days, we're going to start talking about financial, I'll show you how easy it is. And just to interject, since we're on the financial stuff, kind of like all over the place here, like in a banana grove, but everything financial has to do with the application, about 99% dealings with financial institutions, which means government agencies and utility companies are financial institutions also, has to do with applications, everything is around the application. 

So let's say you're doing business with a government agency, utility company, a credit card company or bank, and you want to turn it around, you can't start talking about, you can, but you're not going to get very far, just go right back to the application, go right, and you deal with it at the application, because everything comes off of the application, just to give people an idea. In the USA, when you, let's say you move into an apartment or a house, and you need to cut the lights on, right, you need to put the, they say, put the lights in your name, the electric in your name is what they say, right? Right. So you call up, they ask for a bunch of information, and they ask for the last four digits of your social, because they already have access to that terminal. 

And once you give them that, they go, on average, utility company, New York, it's more than, let's say, where you are, or I am, they pull at least 150 to 450,000 from the treasury out under your name right away, each house, right, each house, you just count that. That's why when you look at their open spreadsheets, a little utility company in Tucson's got like 70 billion pulled out of the account and say, how do you do that? You know, so, okay, so that monthly bill that you get every month is an interest payment on that original amount that they pulled when you did the application. And that original application and the terms of service, you gave them full security interest. 

In other words, anything that they have to pay, what does that mean? You gave the company full security interest. That means like, for example, Chuck, if I gave you full security interest, okay, of my business, all of my business dealings, personal and otherwise, that means that every bill you get, I have to pay. So you order pizza, I have to pay it. 

You go buy a new car, I have to pay it. You got to go to the doctor, right? I got to pay it. You got rent, I got to pay it. 

All your bills get paid by me because I gave you all my full security interest. So when you take that back, what am I getting for it? Nothing. It's just a bunch of words, right? It sounds similar to when you put a lawyer on retainer, you know, where it's like you give them a certain amount. 

Yeah, sort of. Well, the retainer is for him to get paid on a time schedule. Yeah. 

And then he's supposed to account for, look, I spent it doing this. It costs this much to write a letter. It costs this much for me to go and drive from here to court. 

It costs this much for me to buy you a new suit. Yeah, but retainer, like I've done retainers before with wealthy people and they just sent me money every month. And they were, you know, why am I sending you money? I'm in your phone contacts.

That's why. But anyway, it just does it just as a backup because I did help them out quite a bit. And they got a thousand times more than what they ever gave me. 

But here's the thing. This sounds bizarre and it's so bizarre that it's hard to rationalize. That's what's going on. 

All the credit card companies work that way. That's why when you get an application from a financial institution, it says that we have the right to sell your information to the Federal Reserve. They're trading, buying and selling. 

So anyway, there's a real easy. Now, here's the other thing, you know, with the bills. A lot of a lot of people are having success. 

You know, you sign the bill, send it in, you know, the Bill of Exchange Act. But a lot of them are so or not. So so here's one way to look at it.

Take control of the application. Ask them all the information. They have to give it to you because they're a public company under under GATT, which is GAP, sorry, G A A P, General Accepted Accounting Principles. 

But what you're really interested in more than that is, um, you know what? Let's just let's just save it. But let's just save it for another talk, because this is going to I said, well, you really said that it's not one thing. It's a whole bunch of stuff you got to roll together. 

But you taking control of. OK, let me just make it simple so I don't have to get into a process here. OK, find out all the details that they have on the application and then look around online. 

Let's make it simple. Claim forms. Just look up claim forms for whatever, you know, they got claim forms. 

Greyhound Bus has claim forms, you know, if you for the lost and found. Right. Just look up claim standard claim forms, how they're laid out. 

What what is a form or a claim form and how many types of claim forms are there? Look that up, especially if you got the the better AI, not the free one. How many types of claim forms are there and start seeing some of that? They vary quite a bit, but see what they all have in common. And that's how you claim the account. 

Once you have the account, then they're like, well, what do you want me to do? What do you want us to do? Right. Because it's your accounts. It's there's what I'm trying to say is like the average American has credit cards, loans or whatever. 

You know, those things are being traded in accounts. And when you look at those things for each specific person, their name is on it. Only their name.

So so what I mean by that, let's say, Chuck, you're walking down the street, you lost your wallet and you see someone over, says, hey, you know, I just found a wallet. Hey, that's my that's my wallet. Well, how do you know what's your name? And you give your name.

Almost anybody's your wallet turns around, looks in there, says, OK, does the name this guy just gave me match the ID? This I used to find them in the store all the time. I work stores. Sure, sure. 

I was looking at anyway, stuff like that. So what I'm saying is that when you start seeing around what financial instruments have been created, only your name is on it. They're just out there. 

They're called negotiable instruments. Anyone can pick them up and use them because you should be doing it. But because you're not, other people are entities. 

And this is what's going on. So basically, the three things are get all the information you can on the application. You really got to ring that out and then learn how to do a claim form. 

And even the IRS, you know, never use an IRS form, by the way. All the IRS form instructions. There are very few that demand they use their form.

If you read the instructions on how to fill out the form, it says, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So you fill out the form or make your make your own statement means basically you write a concise letter, a sworn letter, affidavit form of what you want us to do that pertains to this subject. The reason they have forms is so they could be more efficient. 

They get all the information they need where they want. It's easy to see. Right. 

And whatever. And it's they're all sworn affidavits, by the way. So when you do that. 

So anyway. Yeah, this is this is very interesting. It's very, very simple because the way they rip rip off the population is very simple.

People don't know that all debts belong to the United States. The Treasury will will will actually satisfy any debt that's out there. It doesn't matter how much it is or who it's for, but it has to be an intermediary. 

Right. So once these things are done, let's say and whether you're the debtor or not is irrelevant. There's a package of negotiable instruments, which is as good as cash with your name on it.

So anyone can use it. But when you show up and say, hey, this is the name that I you know, the all caps name that I'm you have precedent over. So it's very simple. 

So basically, look at what what they've done when you applied and how to claim the account. Look up claim forms. Did I say that? Yes. 

Yes, you did. How many how many types of claim forms are there and use a chat GPT or whatever, whatever your favorite is just to organize and take a couple of days and read these things and it'll settle in. It'll hit you in the it'll hit you in the it requires.

Okay. You know, people talk about, you know, I'm a creative, you know, this person's creative. You don't really there's you know what creativity really is, you know, really what it really is.

It's discovery. It's just someone who's discovering stuff. And when you speak to people who are considered artists or creatives, you know, whatever. 

And you get I mean, you know, a bona fide explanation. So how did you come up with this? They know they don't know. They'll say, well, this happened, I saw this, and then I put this together with that. 

It's always discovery. You know, even in your mind, when you have an idea, it just happened to, you know, like you're sitting by the river and something flows by, you reach out and grab it, right? It's always discovery. So I like to replace the word creativity with discovery.

Right? So yeah, this process is financial stuff requires creativity. And you're not dealing, you know, a lot of these gurus online with financial stuff, like be honorable. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 

But you're dealing with thieves. You're dealing with people that are going to play ignorant, and they want to hurt you legally. Right? But don't be afraid. 

That's the whole thing. So yeah, you're dealing and they're really scumbags, you know, by the definition, it's a Navy term, by the way, you know. So all of them are, there's some exceptions, there's some exceptions. 

And those are the ones that realize that they had enough, they don't want to do this anymore. So yeah, this is interesting. And we'll, let's say in the near future, go over the financial stuff, because it's good to plant some good seeds. 

Because it's not like we could do a financial seminar or talk about what to do with bills and things like that, and then go do it. You really got to settle in and think about it and do your own thing. Because when you make a standard template, and they start seeing those templates, they change up and they go against it, right? Yeah, I was just thinking, I wonder if there's a way to assemble a toolbox, you know, with a couple of power tools in it to, you know, like, most people are too dumb to sit. 

They're too dumb to be creative. In other words, they're not really stupid. But they're dumb, meaning you can't express yourself, right? That's what dumb means. 

They can't communicate, right? Remember years ago when someone was dumb. So you were deaf and dumb, dumb meant you couldn't speak. That's right. 

No communication. So they feel like they want someone else, you know, what should I write? What should I say? If you plan on what you want the outcome to be, and you're confident on how to get there, you'll come up with your own way of saying it. And of course, you know, there's standard grammar that has to be followed, right? When you're right. 

And you know, you have to be, you know, you have to convey a non emotional thing, right? Sometimes you do want to do emotional stuff. Not often, you know, and you got to figure you got to develop your own style. Sorry, you know, and if you are type of person that cannot develop it, this is not for everyone, by the way, this is not for everyone's very, very few. 

But I'm just saying I bring up the financial stuff often, because this society is based on that. You know, everything requires some kind of financial stuff. So anyway, I'm going to stop, I'm going to just put the brakes on that right now and stop. 

Wait, what do you got, Chuck? Okay, I got one here. Let's see. On one particular sonic, you explained how sometimes you send messages to yourself in the past, when you receive a message in a way saying this will be okay. 

As in just a signal that you survive the event you think about in the present and message yourself in the past question mark. One, could you explain this again? And wouldn't the entity that screws with your sleep or gives you false inner voice also play this game? Well, no, this let me just reiterate, the person didn't hear it. Maybe I'll reconvey it. 

Okay, let's just do it like we just opened this subject. And no, we're not malicious. Hey, just clear the table. 

We're not talking about anything right now. But I'll bring this up. Okay, you ever been in a you ever been in a tight spot? You know, tight spot, meaning like, you know, potential physical harm, whatever, whatever, whatever, something bad might happen to you or is happening to you. 

So whatever it is, yeah, so something's going wrong. And what I'm doing is I'm having anxiety about it. I'm getting worried. 

Oh, man, this is gonna get. Yeah. While it's while you're perceiving and you're in it, there's a little voice inside you that says, Don't worry, everything's going to be all right.

And you're like, Whoa, you may not give it a lot of credence, you may not pay a lot of attention to it. But after you get out of that tight spot, or bad situation, you're like, you know, I knew I was going to be all right. And you may not even say because I heard a little voice blah, blah, blah.

Okay, what that little voice is, while you're in a tight spot is you remembering that in the future. You're not sending anything back with with that. You can, right, you can modify that's another going back in time is modifying Yeah, you can modify but you can't change it.

So that's you remembering. So here's, here's another, here's another way to look at the structure. If you're in a tight spot, that thing, you're in the middle of a bad situation, and you don't hear that little voice. 

There's probably one or two things or both that are going on one, you don't hear that little voice, because you probably will forget this. Right? So you never bring it up again in the future, even in memory, so that, you know, you don't connect back, or you really are, this is your end. It's one of those two. 

So it doesn't mean panic, because, you know, remember, Douglas Adams, don't panic, right? So that's interesting. Also, yes, you know, I've had a couple of like, really, what other people would say are near death, you know, situations. And the fact is that some of the best ones, and I say the best were because I just simply relaxed. 

Because something told me just don't worry about it. It's gonna be remembering it, it could be any time in the future, which shows that it's this loop. It's kind of like, you know, how many people? Well, how many writers philosophers through the ages have written that everything is scripted? Yeah. 

But when you have a script, you could go to the back, you know, read, right, go to the back of the book and read the last page first, right? I mean, that's the other thing. Yeah. Have you ever done any acting? Like, you know, just creatively, like on a stage somewhere? You ever done that? Yeah, I have actually Julius Caesar to Shakespeare. 

I was Casca. Speak hands for me. Yeah. 

I believe it or not, I did Hamlet. Anyway. It's it's very interesting. 

Because during that, right, you go, Okay, I'm in the middle of this. And then you just stop and you go, Alright, let me see. Which way does this go next? You know what I'm saying? You go back over it, you prepare for the next part of it. 

It's not a big deal. Because But here, we're talking a temporal, a very large gap. And you can be in a tight space, like you're catching a weapon when you're eight years old. 

And a voice says you're going to be fine. And you don't recall that until you're 50. Yeah, that's the thing is that I don't might not even think about it, you know, until I'm 50. 

But it happened to me when I'm, you know, like you said, eight, 10 years old. Yeah. But then you reach the point to remember, this is how the structure works. 

If you're in a tight spot, or some bad shit's happening to you, and you don't hear that voice, right? That means that you probably will forget this, and it will never come up again in memory. So there's no void, you know, there's no connection to the future, or it's your end. This is your end, right? Right. 

Because there's no future to feedback. So, you know, that works. And that works on instinct, by the way, because a lot of people that don't hear that little voice, very much know they're going to die. 

All right, but I think the second part of the question still stands. Okay, and here's why. You know, what about the voice that does screw with you, right? You said a little voice, okay, I'm telling you that I just get this feeling, just let it go relax.

And a lot of times that makes things just move away smoother, easier, things hurt less, everything. Cool. But anyhow, the thing is, what about that, though? Because you know, that voice does screw with you. 

Let's let's Yeah, that's a broad topic. Well, let's say this. Oh, this is I'm not copying out. 

But let's just say, okay, not with not withdrawing. But look out for Charlie, look out FA Charlie channel. And he's actually been recording and showing that these little voices are not really in our head. 

They're actually real sonic events. And one thing that he hasn't covered, which he kind of did, back in 2002, or so, between 2003, actually, in 2005, I was interning and working at a TV station, right? Okay, so to the point where I was trained by people, they said, you know, we're done training you, you can go into any TV studio in the world and pretty much run everything. cameras, lights, production up, you know, broadcast, all that stuff, right? At that time, you were totally up to speed for like, say, 80s technology. 

Yeah. Early 2000s. Oh, okay. 

Sorry. It was early digital. Yeah. 

Okay. It was no, it was already digital. So anyway, they have a very high speed, Bay, there's a lot of beta, whatever. 

We're moving a real really, really fast. And the voice, it was so fast, you couldn't even see what was going on. You shouldn't do that, because it could damage the head and all that. 

But all I heard was like digital, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, right? Right. And that's the so entire sentences were just became a little beat sound buzz sound, right? So very often, or in the early days here, I had cable TV, like everybody else, you know, before the internet was for streaming and other things like that. And you'll be watching something or there'd be these pulses and squeaks like that. 

And I would turn around and say, Hey, you hear that? That's an entire phrase, that's an entire sentence that they're sending out, people just hear it as a bleep or an artifact, the sonic artifact, but I'm telling you, there's an entire verse, or a command in that right now. And I said what I like, because I witnessed it in the TV, you know, the very rapid motion in the TV station. So I said, Wow, no, this cable shit, they're sending some crazy shit. 

And then I went back and it was his name was Eric the tall, he was like six foot nine. And he ran the station most of the time. And he says they send they send evil stuff.

Kayla says, Oh, yeah, it's all evil. They're sending stuff over. He says they do it frames, you know, like, he told me read this book called subliminal seduction. 

Oh, yeah. Yeah, you know, in the movies, they would put like every sort of Yeah, cocoa, you know, right. So insert a picture of popcorn all of a sudden, gee, I want some popcorn. 

Yeah, your conscious mind. It's all in other words, you do not acknowledge you know, they say it goes to the subconscious, there really is no subconscious. It's beyond the sensory limit, right? That you can process it's your processing just because it for example, when you have a computer that only processes a certain amount, it doesn't mean you can't get all the information and processes as it can. 

So they send all the information to you. And then your body you process it be but because you're so trained to rely on your senses, which do nothing more than fool you most of the time, back back to what we said about being creative, those people that are creative that are really discoverers have let go of being fooled by their senses. And that's why they pick up and do things that other people can you know, so it's also like a dog whistle too. 

And I do mean a literal dog whistle where you know, you can blow that thing and you're like, it doesn't make a noise. Yes, it is. You just don't hear it because of the quality of your receptor. 

I mean, I remember years ago, we're going hunting and stuff in upstate New York, they had deer whistles, there's a little chrome thing, you put it on your hood. Yeah, you didn't hear anything. And it's pretty loud to the deer. 

You see them go to the road, turn around and run. Yep, they run away from the road when you're coming. Yeah. 

So but it reacts like as if you're shooing it away like that whistle works. I can't hear a thing, the cheap ones, you can maybe hear a little noise. But you think to yourself, nobody's going to hear that. 

The deer hears it. You know, yeah, because he was spooked. You'd see them running to the road. 

And they before they get to the road, they turn around and run back, right? Yeah. And we're before they, you know, without that, they usually just jump, you know, in the road, whatever. It's just like in the years when am radio was big, and there was 100 channels, right in a city. 

And you're getting pummeled with basically microwaves from these am radio stations. But you're not hearing every radio station because you're not on the right, you know, you're not tuned into the right part of the dial. Your head is Yeah, it's the shorter. 

Yeah, I mean, yeah, there's a lot of stuff like the heroes would make a little segue. You ever noticed when it was about water, I want to bring that up. Also, it's someone in the chats been blowing up the chat with it, which is a good thing about water. 

Well, I think because I added that water, the water stuff to the rated. Yeah, I got so I got someone said it was very good. Someone, a sub. 

Someone that's been recent said that that was really good. And we did that more than a decade ago, or about No, it's about eight years ago, maybe right? The little one. Yeah. 

The short one that we did on my site was Yeah, maybe me. Yeah. Yeah, that's still holds. 

But I'm working on something right now, you notice that no matter how you treat tap water, or whatever, things don't grow as well as when it rains. So what is it, you know, from a chemical perspective, you can say, well, you know, what, you know, you've heard me say, we're not oxygen breathers, we're nitrogen breathers, because 70% nitrogen, which is the majority of the gas we breathe, but we need to see it's not simple, as simple as that we need some oxygen in there to stimulate the process once it gets into the body, right? They never talk about what nitrogen turns into how it turns into oxygen in the body and all these other things that it does. It's a pulsing gas.

It's anyway. But is it chemical? That's the chemical. So because the water is falling through 70% nitrogen for such a distance. 

Now, whether it's the UV from the sun, or the infrared from the sun, or at night, the stuff grows better, whether it rained at night or day, I think the rainwater is more effective for rains at night. So, so is it chemical? Yes, we can explore running water through a nitrogen type system, something that mimics nitrogen via induction, right? Is it because there's no minerals in the water? Is that why things grow? But that's not true. Because once the water hits the dirt, boy, it's pretty salty right away that before the plant sees it. 

So it's not really that it's distilled, or there's nothing in the water. Actually, that's not true. I remember years ago, we were doing research on water. 

And we caught rainwater and it had it had stuff in it. I was just gonna say through the sky. Yeah, I've caught rainwater and it is not, you know, clean. 

Yeah, it's not clean, as clean as one would say, right? Or think you would think that's like going to be completely crystal clear. It's not it's like a little foggy. It's got something going. 

I mean, depending on where you are, it varies a little bit. Yeah, so I'm doing agriculture. And the thing is, I'm right at the point right now where I could I have a device that needs to be finished or assembled a couple of them to mimic that. 

And it's like the joke little thing. If you do that, you're gonna get killed for that. Because it is, you know, make stuff grow like rainwater.

But we're gonna try it on, you know, carrots, when carrots are grown, they have to get eight hours of irrigation every day for about three months. That uses more water carrot farm uses more water than all the surrounding communities. Right? That's a tremendous amount of water, if we cut that in half, let's say, right. 

So anyway, I just want to bring that up the sound stuff that comes through the the implications and the things that we get. I'm leaning more, just like I mentioned, how do we make it? Maybe we need to, because the water falls, the rain falls to a majority of nitrogen gas is what the air is, we need to look at that very carefully, but not from a chemical point of view. Right. 

So when we look at lookout for Charlie, lookout for Charlie, his video show that he actually records, puts out recordings, a quiet night in the country, right, and then plays it in here. And he speeds it up and modifies it. So you can hear what you normally don't hear. 

And there are voices in there. And it's not microwave or radio. It's sonic, you see. 

So there's that aspect, then there's the more spiritual side, which is a beyond microwave. No one talks about stuff in the terahertz, right? You notice that they go megahertz, you know, they go micro, they don't go into like, terahertz, even beyond but all sound. Here's the thing, though, Greek, and here's, here's the question I have for you about this, all sound is in waves anyway. 

So whether it's a microwave, it is the same. Yeah, the spectrum, and it goes to the visual, if you keep pushing it, it starts to glow, right? Yeah, exactly. But that's my point. 

All of these things are in waves. So whether it's a microwave, or a macro wave of sort, nobody uses that term. But you know what I'm getting at? The point is, is that it's on different parts of the spectrum. 

So all of it is actually sonic, even those microwaves, it's all perturbations of air and ether. By the way, people that are interested, shoot me an email. I have someone I know who is really interested and has made a significant contribution, I would consider about a seminar on the acoustic counter space.

So if anybody wants that, we'll have a discussion, not a full seminar. And I'll do some sketches. And if you're into audio, we have a system now that deals so sound would be a movement of air, most people think, but there's an ethereal component to it. 

Just like light has an ethereal radio is the ether, you know, right? It's like, that's what they used to say years ago, it's in the ether, you know, it's a perturbation of the ether, because of quote, unquote, electromagnetic stimulation, right? So so the so anyone should in the I just want to see who, by show of hands or emails, who's interested in showing up for, let's say a team's short, like a one time meeting on acoustic counter space, and who's serious about it, because when you have space in, let's say, a loudspeaker enclosure, a loudspeaker box, a speaker box, right? Or a room, right? You know how you do acoustic treatment based on the room size, right? You know, they have voice booths, right, they walk into and all that. And you have acoustic treatment for larger rooms. If you go to a place like Carnegie Hall, you know, even right, yeah, they create everything from a bathroom to a cathedral in the studios, even, you know, in the early days. 

Yeah, what all these engineers are not considering at all, it's beyond them is there's an ether component there. And when you know how to manipulate that, it's a very simple device. You're tapping into counter space, which is the opposite of positive space. 

Now, it's kind of an oxymoron, because space has no attributes. That's why it's space. When you say this space is warm, it's really the air that's warm, not the space. 

Right? If you say this space is humid, it's not the space, it's the moisture. So space has no attributes, but there's a attribute to it in the ether. And now we have a counter attribute a way to without continuing people that are into sci fi, you know, they say, Oh, there's anti matter, we have the matter anti matter. 

And you know, when you put them together, they cancel each other out. But it's very violent in the sci fi usually, right? This is the explosion. But, you know, this is about the account. 

Okay, it's like a accommodation. It is a quantitative accommodation, as opposed to space, isn't it? No, okay. I thought it would be like geometric, but it's a quantity. 

It is geometric. It's a very thin, just to give people an idea when you have a box with drivers in front of you know, speakers, you know, you have a box. Okay. 

And imagine the profile is slice the box open, you got the front, the top, the bottom, left side, right side and the back. So you can just cut it open. We're just focusing on the back of the speaker box, right? You see, there's just a wall there, right? And what you do is, regardless of how thick the cabinet is, put another wall, a false wall in front of the back wall, right? And when you put that false wall there, leave only a quarter inch gap of airspace vertically. 

And on one side of the wall, you line it with what you might call a sound absorption type material, a felt, a foam, a weave of some type, and then it cuts the space in half. So now you have a you had started off with a quarter inch space, you have an eighth inch of this fabric on one side, and you have an eighth inch of air space on the other. And what you do there, it's completely sealed except for an aperture and opening in the center that allows the main speaker space to communicate with this very narrow space, an aperture meaning a hole, an opening. 

I'm just breaking this down to the simplest thing. So when the energy in the box sees that false wall, immediately it sees a volume that starts going to infinity minus because as it travels that narrow gap, it's like, when is this thing going to ever get bigger? It never does. And so the energy sees a volume that goes to infinity minus and you cannot have sound with no volume, you need a volume. 

And but it sees the surface area relative going to infinity plus and all that happens when you run sound across an infinitely large surface area, right? You have diffraction and, you know, absorption. So it has this weird play where the sound in the box thinks that the energy is going to, volume component is going to infinity minus and the surface area is going to infinity plus. And it takes away any distortion, the power handling goes up, you get incredible clarity. 

Now the driver starts to work without any forces or energy working against it. You can make the box smaller. If you have something called a woofer, it goes down really low. 

So you can have a four or five inch wide woofer put out the same low base output as a 10 inch or an eight inch woofer, right? Sorry, guys, I don't know if I can help you with that if you're anyway, but but but here's the thing. This is the most rudimentary. It's not that simple. 

The forms matter and all this. So right now we're taking it to the point where we can apply it to anything that makes sound perturbation, right? And there's also there's an active way to do it, which I'm working on. So this is how this all ties back and brought up sound the voices, okay? The voices that you hear the all this other stuff there. 

It's a very broad component. One thing that I brought up on a speak the sonic actually, I did with one of the guys from paranormies. He I don't know if he's published anything yet. 

But we've done about three or four several hour long ones. He's Brandon, I think from the paranormies. Yeah, anyway, we did a bunch of stuff. 

And he was speaking to me about, you know, input, you know, spiritual input, divine and all I said, Well, this is a real simple way to think about what's going on in this realm. All of the input that you get that comes like from the plane that we're in the realm that we're in is always going to be negative. Always. 

The what people and the mystics have spoke about, you know, coming from heaven or above, tends to be positive. And I said tends to be positive is not always positive, because it comes in a very raw form. And it depends, it's up to the individual to structure it to be positive, where the information that comes to people, humans, animals, all that from this realm from the earth itself, and whatever entities are fucking with us, let's say that is very well structured and very specific, very specific, the stuff that comes from the divine that could potentially be positive is in a raw form. 

So that means that it could also become negative depending on your mindset. And if you know how to take it in structure into something defensive or something positive. So in essence, do we get any finished raw any finished? Good vibe mess? No, we don't. 

It's all negative here. The potential to have good vibe and potential divine stuff. It does come in its raw form. 

So yeah, we are at a major disadvantage. And I don't know this is happening. I mean, I've heard there are societies underground that have been controlling the surface for forever. 

And they get unaffected by what happens on the surface. And there are a million years ahead, a million years ahead of where we are now a million years ago. Right? So you're screwed there, then you have the human interface of the non humans that run this realm that are playing around with their you know, like you've heard of fusion centers and stuff where they do targeted individual stuff. 

That's real, by the way, I've seen real paperwork on not not in person, but online suggesting that by the way, you know, targeting individuals, right? Now, the homeland security is always running, what do they call dry runs? What do you call it when you do a test or drill? A drill? Yeah, they run drills, and they and they're unlimited. Their drills are unlimited. They do everything.

So you have the ones on that social level, then you've got the the freak, you know, the freaks and the personal ones like Lex Luthor. Like whenever watch Superman with Lex Luthor, he was not funded by any government or anything. He was just this crazy billionaire, right? Right? That's the private ones, you have that going on, then you have the spiritual ones that people typically call demonic, that are flooding society and people either individuals directly or society.

So you got I could you could name, you can't prove any of this, but I could show or loosely discuss four or five different categories that are beaming everyone all the time with negative shit. And then like I mentioned, you have potentially positive raw material coming from the divine from above, let's say, but it's not in a finished form, which if you're a negative Nancy is not a term, you can easily turn that raw material into something, you know, get it sucked up into negative shit again. So yeah, so it has to be formed. 

That's why when you look at this is a big discussion that I haven't really thought about in a long time, but I used to meditate on this. And you when you understand that the stuff that's fixed on earth is all negative, and it's very highly specific, just like, look out for Charlie. He recorded where he walked on a wooden floor, and he went back as a 10 steps flat footed, right? It's like, wow, so they're actually, you know, really specific. 

I was meditating on how specific the shit is here. I mean, negative, I mean, in every aspect, really, and then trying to dial in and get a feel for the raw material that's coming up that is potentially positive and forming it into something positive, right. So that's, that's what I have done for many years now. 

And I understand that it is participatory participatory, you have to take responsibility for the positive stuff, if you don't mind, then if you don't mind the negative stuff, you just got to sit back, you don't have to think about anything or doing anything or whatever, it's already taken care of, they got you pretty good, right. So it takes a lot of work to form that raw material into positive stuff, you know, and that's, there's an entire group, groupings of people, the sages, the mystics, the real holy men, you know, the creatives and all that that do that, very few, though.