All right, so you're set to roll, right? Yep. All right, so here we go. Rated Y Sonic Event 215.

Greek, it's warm here. Is it warm there? Yeah, it's hot. And by the way, I'm enjoying some cold pizza from like three hours ago.

I have a little pizza oven. Just can't stop eating it, you know, sometimes. Awesome. 

Your homemade stuff then? Oh yeah, my own stuff. I haven't bought pizza in a long time. And I send pictures to people and it's as good as it gets.

No, definitely. I've got no doubt. 800 degree oven, 90 seconds, you know.

Nice. Do you put it straight on a stone? I have no choice. It's a stone brick oven pizza.

I mean, not brick, it's a pizza oven. There's a thermometer that goes up to a thousand degrees on top. So, you know, it closes completely.

It has various adjustments, a chimney, stone. It's about a medium, it's like 18 by 24. You can't do a lot. 

You can't do a lot. I'm just trying to figure out how to create more pressure. Because what makes it work well is you don't want to rely on the heat that's in the oven when the pizza's in there.

You want to rely on the heat that was in the oven, right? In other words, if you put your pizza in, you're not looking to increase your fuel or anything, it's too late. In other words, the pizza should cook based on whatever heat is in the oven already. And I have the heat, I just don't have the pressure.

So I need to make it a little bigger. But anyway. Well, that's why when you go to any of those pizza joints on the East Coast, it used to be anyway, you know, the big metal thing, the springs would really slam it shut to pressurize the inside, right? Right. 

Well, it's those Blodgett ovens. Yeah, those are classics, gas fired. Yeah.

They're not bad. They're not bad. But they're pretty good.

Better than conveyor belts. We go west of the Mississippi, they do pizza on conveyor belts. It's disgusting.

But anyway. Yeah, that's terrible. But I was thinking of the one I saw one in a home once with a stone slab that they put in the bottom of the thing and they actually just put.

It was weird, but it worked. Well, it's the same principle as like there's a Japanese and Korean rice recipe where you have a granite bowl, a very heavy ceramic bowl, and you put that in the fire, remove it from the fire. Then you put your water and rice and cover it.

Right. So whatever heat is held in the container is enough to cook what you're doing. So crepes are done that way.

When I make crepes, I heat the pan, turn it off, take it off the flame, put my mixture in there. Right. You don't want. 

Right. So that's how people make that mistake all the time with, you know, they burn the outside of the thing, but the inside is still like not even fully cooked because they didn't take that into account. Right.

Yeah. Well, the whole thing about cooking is, you know, heat and chemistry, but chemistry the way we're taught chemistry, which is boring and unintuitive and false. But generally all the chemistry that works, that's used in industry was established way before modern chemistry, you know.

Like, you know, varying the heat levels to get certain effects that create chemical combinations based on the conditions. So anyway, that's one of them. So what do you got? We got some input, output questions and comments.

I got a few things and they're all responses to the most recent Sonics. So here we go. How could a bank possibly fail when it effectively creates nine times the value of every loan it issues? It seems like they'd have to be incredibly reckless to ever run out of credit.

No, they don't. Well, yeah, there is fractional banking. It's not as simple as that.

But yes, that's generally a true statement. What they do is very simple. They do what the cartels do and all that banks fail in this way.

They all do questionable activity. And there's a cycle where the regulation authorities or government or whatever, let's say shareholders and regulators have to come down on the banks because they've been doing all this crap for 10 years, let's say. Right, right.

So what they do is they find someone in their group, in their industry, another bank, and they start making it very easy for them to acquire all these products that they know is going to be under question. And they load up one company with all these things that the regulatory and the government could come after them on one bank. And then they crash that bank.

Lehman Brothers is an example of that recently. I mean, almost all the banks that I grew up with, like remember Chemical Bank, Manhattan Bank, all that, they're gone. So what did the same thing the cartels do? It's like when the cartels are when they're tired of the way one is doing business or they have they seem weak, you know, while a pack of wild dogs or wolves will attack the weakest one.

Right. So when someone's weak or whatever with the cartels, they get the DEA to bust them. It's very simple.

Right. The DEA only goes after who the cartels tell them to take out because a weak institution will also leave a stain on the industry's name. So they don't really go out of business.

They load up, front load all their crap to take the light. So when you tell all the idiots, oh, this bank was the worst and it went out of business. Good, good.

They don't know what's going on. Right. If you go out and interview a thousand people right now, just general, it doesn't matter if they're college professors, even bankers.

None of you might have one out of a thousand that has an inkling based on the question that was just asked. Very few people know how it works because it's a planet of idiots. Well, right.

Like you said, with the cartel members, they'll turn around and they'll dump a bunch of product on them nice and cheap so that they're well stocked. And then they turn the DEA on to them to legitimize the DEA. And therefore, the DEA looks like they're doing their job.

And therefore, the black market is sustained. Right. I mean, it's literally.

Well, the more regulation, the more black market. So if they want to if you want to pump up the black market, because that's what you want to invest in, you pump up regulation. When you remove regulation, the black market becomes weak.

Look at the cannabis market. Right. You don't see too many pot dealers at Washington Square Park anymore.

No, not so many. The only reason why pot. It's not any.

Well, the only reason why pot dealers have any business in any of the states is because they've overtaxed. So now if somebody needs to go for the discount weed. It's cheaper.

Yeah. It's the it's the bunk stuff. Yeah.

So. So. But that's how basically it works.

Years ago, knowing people in law enforcement, you pull out an article, they busted, you know, 40 pounds of cocaine, all these pills and all that. And I look at the guy in law enforcement. This is going to be on the street in about three months.

Right. None of it. None of it.

A little tiny amount, maybe one percent of evidence from. Yeah, that's right. Sure.

Yeah. This is a human problem and they're morons. And I still don't get what's really going on here.

I've kind of stopped researching other things because I've seen enough, not too much enough. And it's bad on both ends. In other words, the institutions, whether it's medical, government, banking, religious are so fucked up and what they're doing.

And the people are so fucked up because they do nothing. It's just a big fucked up sandwich. Right.

You know, like soup sandwich in the military. Right. Mm hmm.

Army and running the army of soup sandwich. Right. So anyway.

Yeah. It's just you don't want to if you know the situation is so fucked up all around. Always has been always will be.

Why do you want to keep going into it? Just do what it takes to have a good life. But the banking thing is that they don't loan money as very clear. So just stick on that.

So like if you go to a bank and you have a loan, a car loan, house owner. OK, you said a loan. Right.

Well, you're not allowed to loan and show me how you let me something that you already had. And they avoid that question saying, well, you agreed to give us all security interest. So what they do is it's kind of like you go to Starbucks, you buy your coffee, you go outside and you're ready to leave the place or go into your car.

So you got to pay for that again. They don't tell you got to pay for it because you didn't pay for it. That's why all loans have to be what secured.

You pay. You have to repay. Oh, repay.

Repay. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah.

Repay means you already paid for it. So when you have a loan, you have to repay it. A car.

You get a car loan. You have to. It says on the paper, you have to repay the loan because it's already been paid.

Yes. By you. So we obviously, by my definition, means you're paying again.

You're not paying it. Yeah. Repaying it.

You've already paid it. Yeah. So everything belongs to the United States.

Now, most people think it's because of the bankruptcy. But I dare you to look up and read the Articles of Confederation, which are 1774, roughly. And they say that all debts belong to the United States.

You know, the corporate government. Right. Always.

It's kind of like think of it this way. When you work in a corporation, a big company, and you're using the company car, who pays for the gas? The company. Who pays? Right.

Who pays for the uniform? The company. Who pays for the company car? So because whatever is under the United States jurisdiction, they have to pay for it. Right.

And I'm using the term pay, however. Right. I understand.

So this has been going on even before 1750, even. It was the same thing. When you form a corporate, a government that has administrative power in a corporate capacity, they pay for everything.

And part of this situation, well, OK, if you look back at history, especially 1900s history, which is still fairly tangible, you'll find that there was a big mistrust of the banks by everyone. Right. Right.

And but the problem there was that they didn't educate those that were mistrusting the banks, let's say. They just say mistrust, don't trust the banks, because the interest of the banks goes so far and deep. You see.

So. So, yeah, it's just it's a shit show, clown show, dumpster fire here, whatever. It's always been that way.

Always. And it always will be under the current structure of society. What I mean by structure of society is like when you have a family unit that has children and raises their children, it's going to be fucked up because all you got to do is fuck up the head of the household and the rest of the family is fucked up.

Right. Of course, I'm using the medical term. Right.

So the proper way to raise a family is they have the children. The children are taken away to a camp. How would you call it? Like a boarding situation.

And they're raised by people who are competent and have the capacity to properly educate a child, not daddy or mommy. Right. And this happens.

This is actually a model that you might have seen demonstrated in some of these, quote, unquote, hardcore communist countries. Right. And they're not wrong.

It's just that they're corrupt again because. Yeah. So it's always the corruption is always the root of the issue when things go sideways.

I mean. Yeah. Yeah.

It's in the genetic purification, like nine out of 10 times. If you know a parent of a disabled child, like someone who can't take care of themselves at all, meaning that if they live till 40, they'll still be in diapers. You know, of course, you know, say all things aside, you'll do anything for your child because you're a child.

But if you knew this prior to them being born, would you have still had them born? And they always say, no, I wouldn't have had them born for them and for me. Right. Right.

So there is a thing where there's a there was a Greek Likud goes and he would go around. This is an ancient Greece. And you would go around and they would have an inspection for children.

And if the child was deformed or slow in any way, how do you find out if a child is slow when they're less than six months old? I don't know. They had a pit. They would just throw you in.

Right. So there's an ethnic ethnic, but the genetic cleansing, it was in the Third Reich. Also, if you were wherever they just got rid of you, that was the policy.

And this is not ongoing for the entire duration of human society. No. The well-known story of Sparta is exactly that.

Similar. Yeah. Yeah.

I don't know if they had the genetic cleansing type thing. Where this this is absolutely necessary at this point. But it's going to be much more drastic because you're going to have a massive population decrease across the board and the retards will still be with us, unfortunately.

Right. But it's not a good place yet. But the Spartans examined the child at birth and looked at it and said, if there was something wrong with it or whatever, that's it.

They just let. Yeah, that's right. Yeah.

Yeah. And that is proper to do when you're building a society, when you build it up enough and you have proper breeding programs and all this. Remember a program.

Right. Because people don't know what they're doing. It's just like the idea, like, oh, women think they're good at sex.

What a joke. Right. Go read a book or something or whatever.

You know, so there's a joke that this is a self writing joke that the family unit is good. Bullshit. You got to look at what what's going on inside.

How is it being by who? I'm how two morons get together and procreate. You're going to get another moron. What the hell? Stop.

Stop. Stop. Right.

But fortunately, it hasn't been working that way because there's a spiritual level that overtakes it where you could have a moron parents and sisters and brothers. And that child is a genius. And the black sheep, it's called the black sheep of the family complex.

Right. So, yeah. But he's got they've got he or she has so much working against them as they're in their formative years.

And can you imagine if they were cultivated properly? So anyway, I can you know, I've talked about this before. This is society is very easy to fix it. People based on their conventional training and what they've been trained as good and bad won't like it at all if they find out what it takes to fix any society in any world.

It's the same thing. It's the same thing as farming, whatever you are being farmed, just like the banking was brought up. It's like they tell the cows, imagine cows can talk and they back and forth with humans.

All you got to do is go out in the field, eat the grass. We take some milk from you in a while. And that's and that's it.

Yeah, that's it. No, there's a lot more to that. That's how humans are.

Yeah. Just go get a bank. Get a loan.

First of all, banks don't even lend money. It's illegal for them to do that. Right.

So back to the banking. But you've signed all your interest away. It's called a gift.

And you actually become an investor in their company. It's the same with. And if you bring this up and say, well, you're saying is unconventional and not traditional, you know, because traditional conventional be fucked up and give everything away and then go back to those that you know and complain.

People don't complain to the banks and they complain to their own people that they know their friends are getting screwed by the base, but they don't go to the bank and deal with it. Right. So it's indirect.

No responsibility. Medical doctors are the same way. You know, lawyers are the same way.

It's all it's all just a clown show where you want to call it. I won't use the F word again. What else you got? The connection between musicians and their children dying at such a young age is very intriguing.

What about the so-called 27 Club? Question mark. Jim Morrison, Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, Jim Morrison again for some reason. Kurt Cobain, Janice Joplin.

Coincidence or ritual is the question. And let's just end the conversation by saying the best band ever is Tool, period. You like the tool, do you? That's fine.

It's so subjective to me. Like if you ask me what's my favorite food, it depends on when you're asking me what I feel like eating. Right.

You know, and also when you ask a question like favorite food, you mean sweet, savory, what? Because you're sweet and savory. Right. There's on dinner and dessert.

Right. What's your favorite dessert? What's your favorite dinner? Breakfast, lunch, whatever. OK, so forget favorite.

So what about the 27? I'm not familiar, but I know the ones that are mentioned and more are about right in terms of, you know, saying that there is a club for that. Yeah, I have no direct knowledge of it. I just just like anyone, you know, when the facts and the statistics are brought forward, you can surmise, hey, there's something going on.

But we do know what the child sacrifice. That's pretty eminent. I mean, that's pretty obvious and open.

But the 27, I don't know much about it, but keep looking. Well, I'll ask you this question, even though the listener asked me and I'll just tag along. We lost you.

Oh, you don't know. You don't hear me. Hello.

OK, Greek doesn't hear me, I guess. There you go. I walk too far away.

OK, sorry. I was hearing you the whole time. Anyway.

Hi, Greek. Listen, this is a question they asked me, but I'm going to ask you anyway, and then I'll just tail on to your answer, OK? Do you think do you think Randy Rhodes was sacrificed or Cliff Burton? Just to name a few. It seems after a member dies, the bands take off and start to do well.

Is that something that happens as well? A band member? Yeah. Yeah, very much so. Businesses do that as well.

Yeah. You know, Elon Musk with Tesla, you know, they loaded back in the early 2000s. They loaded their best engineers in a small airplane and on their way back from Washington, D.C., crashed and killed all of them.

Right. I heard about that, but I've never seen anything on it like, you know. You'll find it.

You'll find if you look at it. I remember in real time. Yeah.

And, you know, when it when it happened in the media, I was like, Tesla car. Cool. I was like, oh, that's not really Tesla.

Why? They shouldn't even be using his name. What a fraud. Yeah.

But, you know, if it's not a fraud, no one will go for it. Right. So.

Yeah. True enough. I mean, everything has to be a fraud.

Otherwise, it wouldn't be traditional and it wouldn't be acceptable. Anyways, Rage Against the Machine, because I brought it up. Yeah, I like them.

Weren't they one of the bands during the COVID PSYOP requiring their audience at their concerts to be fully vaccinated? Question mark. Sounds like they are working for the machine. Well, look.

Here's the thing about it. Of course they are. They all are.

You asked about music. You, the listener, asked about music. So I gave you what I like about the music, their music, their lyrics.

I enjoy it. I find it valid. And it's good.

It's good stuff. It's strong. Even the Greeks said the the sound, the tempo was useful, you know, in biking and this and that.

Other people have told me about using it during exercise, et cetera. So, yeah, music. But their politics, if you get into their politics, you're going down a weird, twisted road.

It's it's like Hollywood. It's an arm of the government, in other words, just like the circuses and the bakeries in Rome were an arm of the government. But the government, by the way, we're not run by human agency.

You have humans that take orders, but it's not human. I keep saying this. There's no human agency at the top.

It's a non-human agency. You can call them the lizards or whatever, but they're not human. That's for sure.

And anyone does enough homework will see that when you have an occupying force, the the government, the current government that you're used to stays in place. Like, for example, if the U.S. lost became became occupied by the CCP, communist Chinese, right? Your governors would still be there. You'd still have, you know, whoever Trump would still be there.

Right. Everybody will be all your congresspeople will be there. But you're under occupation.

Right. Right. You know, you might see some military, you know, CCP military, Chinese, you know, guards or stuff around.

But your current policy. Yeah. So, no, the media will still exist, too.

It's not like they'll shut down the media. They'll just now give them new orders. Even more.

Even more media. Yeah. Yeah, exactly.

So in other words, what people are used to is, to me, is all has all the signs of an occupation, a non-human one, by the way. Yeah. Absolutely agreeable.

No, absolutely agreeable, because that's why it doesn't seem to comport with, you know, you sit there and you say, how could a human being want to do this because it's not human rules? That's why. Exactly. Yeah, that's the statement.

Everything is going to be fine. Now, they're responding to something you said here in the particular sonic, the statement, everything is going to be fine. You mean once we leave this place? Question mark, because here there will always be something that irritates me or I worry about.

This is what the. Yeah. And what I mean by that on a deeper level is you'll never run out of energy like like there's a sign.

There's a sci fi thing where they punish people by putting them in a time machine where they serve a one thousand year prison sentence. And when it's done, they come back and only one minute has passed when they come back. But they already suffered for a thousand years.

They did a Star Trek like that once where it was like they injected the guy and then he spent the next 40 years in prison and then they woke him up and said, OK, you're done. You've only been here about 15 minutes, but he experienced. Yeah, exactly.

That's what I mean. That's what it means. You're going to be fine.

You have unlimited energy in that respect either way. And when you if you go if when you die, you go into total unconsciousness. It would be just like saying, what do you remember from 500 years ago? Well, when you when you go to sleep and you don't dream or you don't recall a dream.

Right. You just wake up. It seems like sometimes.

Hey, did I just you know, you question yourself. Right. Sometimes that's what it's like is one of those.

Did I actually just sleep? I don't know. It seems like I just look at it this way. Look, if you anyone, I've turned them on people on to look out for Charlie.

Right. Look out for Charlie. And it's undeniable what he's showing is there.

It may not be as clear as some people like for it to be or prominent. It shouldn't be. But the subliminals that we're constantly being hammered with one thing that look out for Charlie doesn't get into is who's doing it and for how long it's been going on.

But you can find that kind of stuff back all the way in history. You know, since technology has been around, if you get films and music from the 1930s with high enough resolution, you'll see there's subliminals in there also. Who's putting that in there? So we're always under attack.

Just like, look, I don't endorse this, but you know how like we're always in bacteria. Right. You know, you get a cut, you know, bacterial infection.

Right. And in reality, you know, your body creates if there's any bugs or anything, your body has created it. But it's the condition.

So we're under such harsh conditions that are the same thing that I mentioned to people that. Oh, Greek. Remember before when Obama came in, a lot of people said, I'm going to live off the grid.

I'm going to move to the country. And so that was about a half a dozen people. I said, you know, everything's going to be five times more expensive and you'll find out that everything in nature wants to kill you.

Oh, OK. Half of them that I still stayed in contact with a few years later. Right.

Yeah. Everything was five times more expensive and everything wants to kill you. It doesn't matter what part of the world you are.

I mean, everything meaning nature wants to kill you. Yeah. And it's like it's safer in a city.

Absolutely. I will. I would take like, you know, Alphabet City in the 1980s, a tenement apartment over living in the country full time any day.

Any day. Which, by the way, was the grid was cracked ends and shooting galleries. Like, yeah, as in shooting galleries was what he's talking about in Alphabet City.

Yeah. You go out. You can't you can't leave.

If you try to open the apartment door to get out and you're like, what the hell? Turns out somebody passed out and vomited on themselves. And you got to push the door so hard to slide the whole body over. Right.

To get out, you know, kind of thing. You're guessing as to whether the guys laying on the street are dead or passed out and you're stepping on stuff and it's going crunch and it's cracked. That is far, far better living conditions for me than living out off the grid in the country where I got to do everything.

Yeah, it's not. Man always starts off in the wilderness, always ends up in the garden. It's I mean, in a city.

Oh, you know, like the city that comes down from heaven. Oh, the city is where just like ants live in a colony or whatever. Man is the pinnacle of man's existence is to have a perfect city.

Yes. I said perfect. Right.

Not not living off the nature of the country. Nature hates you. And by the way, if you if any species that evolves over the planet will find out how to all the stuff we talk about, induction and replication, they won't have to mine or grow anything.

They create everything they need from energy directly and they eliminate anything else. So you don't need trees. You don't need plants.

You don't need animals. You get rid of all of that stuff. And I'm not saying that this is what people do or this is what would be done.

And you have a fairly sterile, seemingly boring environment. You probably have a Dyson sphere around your planet. I'm saying if this type of stuff exists.

And then then eventually you can leave the body and shed the body, put yourself in amber for 500 years and crack out of it, whatever. But you won't have Adam. You won't have.

Yeah, you won't have what you have now. And trust me. And look, I'm not an advocate for that.

But I remember speaking, living in the city. I mean, I was away at the time, but when I got back, I was away for a couple of weeks. So it was a horror story that there was a really bad smell in the hallway, like garbage.

Oh, yeah. And then it became worse than garbage. And they finally opened the door and there was a dead lady had died in there and she had a bunch of cats and the cats gnawed off all her toes and her fingers and her nose.

Oh, yeah. Her own cats. Right.

That happened many times. Yeah. But this was in a place that I live.

But I missed the whole episode. And I was like, at least I hope they bleach the place down. Oh, yeah.

You know, so. Yeah. Yeah.

So there's the animals that love you so much. Yeah. Right.

You got to get rid of that smell. No, that's the thing to remember about your animals, especially the cats. As soon as you're dead, they're eating you.

Yeah. Pretty much. Well, if you haven't fed them.

Yeah. And the whole thing is. And I've heard that over and over.

First, it smells like rotten garbage, like people. And then it starts to get worse, like something died. And then they finally go in there.

Yeah. Yeah. And it happened at a trailer park down here when I first moved here.

A couple of months after I got here, a guy just suddenly wasn't around. And then a few weeks later, somebody said a bad smell was there. And they had to get him out of the trailer.

And he was a mess. Anyway, the guy was dripping all the way through. He was dripping through the damn body bag.

Anyhow, last question for this particular Sonic is, does the Greek have any thoughts on the Venus Project? And that whole thing that went on with Zeitgeist a few years back. I think somewhere in 2010. Yeah, somewhere in there.

There was a Zeitgeist thing. Jacque Fresco, you mean? Yeah, Jacque Fresco, all that. Yeah, Jacque Fresco.

Take what you can and leave what you can. Like the thing that I would agree with a lot of the things Jacque Fresco talked about from the engineering side. But socially, you know, they asked him once.

This is what blew it for me from him. They asked him, like, you know, you set up this community. What if someone, you know, decides to, you know, keep their wealth and not share and this and that and doesn't want to play along? Oh, yeah.

We're going to shame them. We'll put in the paper all these things about them just to shame them into doing it. You know, I'm like, oh, let's talk about, you know, not very, not very quote unquote.

That's a little too nice for me, Jacque. You should have thought about that a little bit more. I would have rather him say, like, I don't know what we would do at that point.

We have more things, you know, that we probably will deal with. When we get with it, that would have been a far more educated and evolved answer than that. When I heard that, I was like, oh, you know, you live to 105 or whatever, but he's still 12.

He's a smart 12 year old. So, yeah. No, fair enough.

And I mean, that is a weird answer because I mean, you know, that's. Well, that's what he said. Yeah, it's weird.

Educate someone more evolved. We said, well, we have everything that we've laid out all these years is so much. We'll have to. 

We haven't covered that yet. That's all. This way he maintains the integrity of his principle.

That would have been a better answer. That's true. So anything that you'd like to close with on this one, anything on your mind at the moment that you want to just drop? Or do you want to get into a rant for a minute? Or are you good? No, I think I'm good.

We'll make this one kind of short.