Rated Y, Sonic Advent 2, 3, 8, and how is it today, Greek? How are you? It's going all right. We're trying another mobile device. It's coming through all right.

I think this one is an iPhone 13 mini or something like that. So it's moving ahead, or I think it's more than that. It's higher because I had a 13 mini before, so this is the one next to it, but above that are younger and, yeah, sound issues.

Remember, I just use these. I mean, today I was out for four hours hunting down materials, and guess what? I got home and the phone was hanging on the wall just like it was back in the old days, right? Why would I say that? Because that's not how it is for most people, and also I would say that because when I had a full little flip phone, it was in my pocket all the time, right? So anyway, ironic how things go. Matter of fact, there were some people that were worried about head cancer from making so many calls, cancer of the head and this and that.

That was the big deal because of the batteries, and the funny thing to me was I said, what about your legs? And the thing that it's much closer to if you're a man, that's what I was wondering about because if it's radiating your head, what's it doing when it's three inches from the center point? Yeah, lower. Well, it's the transmitter, not the battery. Yeah, it's the transmitter, not the battery, just like the history channel radar operators in World War II noticed chocolate bars in their pockets were melting, right? It was because the waveguide was there, and the portable radars, and the ones on ships and stuff.

So either way, it doesn't matter. So I run into people that lived into their 90s without anything other than a scrap like a scraper, a bruiser, fat lip, black eye, no illness at all, and the world's not any better off. The whole thing is kind of odd, but it's not once you figure it out, and when you figure it out, or more of it, it gets even more odd, right? What I mean is the public perception of things, like I don't really know, like I was talking to some people about taxes today, they didn't know anything at all.

They didn't even bother. I said, you know, these manuals are huge, right? Thousands of pages or thousands of laws, do you think it's all futility? It's for them or for you? Don't you want to even get the cliff notes on it or anything like that? It's like no one is interested in anything. I'll tell you why.

Because when you're cattle on a ranch, and all you see is cattle, you think that there's a head cow running the ranch, right? Oh yeah. Actually, there isn't. Cows are not running the ranch at all.

The same with humans. The humans are not being run by humans at all. And it's amazing how the parallels go with cattle.

In Greek, they call it mouskaria, mouskaria, it means like cattle. So it's interesting, you know, that's why when you deal with them, like with the Scalarator and other things that I'm doing, putting out to deal with the public or, you know, procurement, let's say, or getting it out to the public. You always want to, if you can, most people can't because they've never been around it, start off in the luxury end, and I've talked about this, because you can charge the most.

The people who are willing to pay high prices for stuff are the least pain in the ass, right? Believe it or not. Like most of the time, you won't even run into them. It'll be someone that they have go buy it for them and, you know, handle that part of the aspect of their life, chore boys or chore girls.

And yeah, most of the people that I've discussed this with behind the scenes, oh, no, you can't get into luxury, you can't, and I sat back and I was like, why would they say that? Oh, oh, they think they're well off, but they've never been around, you know, the higher bred people. They've never been around it. I have, so I know how to do it, right? Well, yeah.

And I've also given the, yeah, you don't want to, yeah, the cattle, yeah, you want to deal with the higher cattle if you can, because there's still cattle. Absolutely. And obviously the quality of the stupid rectangle you're on right now, you know, allows for serious dynamics in your voice because, boy, I could hear a lot of qualities today that I didn't necessarily hear last time we talked.

Anyways. Yeah. From the, from the, from the other, yeah, the audio, the chip is better, but here's the other thing I wanted to say also, or just to, just to add to that, what was it? Well, I could keep adding to it.

But when you're going with the luxury, like Ford or GM can make a luxury car better than Rolls Royce. Well, how do you think they're going to do against Rolls Royce? Not very well. No one's, I mean, someone will buy it.

Now what if Rolls Royce made an economic sedan? How many people want to buy that? Yeah. A lot of people. So you got to start off, you can go from the luxury down.

As a matter of fact, most of the counterfeit stuff, I mean, there was House of Gucci movie with Lady Gaga and whatever. I streamed that. I watched it.

It was actually a good film to show you the idiosyncrasies of these people, like the wife and the Gucci wife. She went up Northern Harlem back in the eighties to buy the Gucci knockoffs made in China and she brought some back. This is in the film.

She was impressed at the quality and they were like, what are you talking about? Look at the quality. Look how good it is. Right.

So anyway, you've heard that before. The Gucci bags were vinyl for a while, right? $1,200, $1,500 bags made of vinyl, right? Oh, sure. Sure.

I mean, they're not the knockoffs. Yeah. Yeah.

Not the knockoffs. The originals. Right.

Yeah. There's also a similar story about how coach purses became a thing, which is a very similar story, right? Where somebody saw that and they just, it's a better introduced that brand. Yeah.

The coach. Yeah. But by the way, you've, you've brought this up again, coach is a better value than the other ones, right? In other words, the price per value, in other words, paying 10 times more for a bag is not going to be a 10 times better bag.

It's actually an excellent value. Right. Right.

So, but for most people, coach would be a, a, whatever. So yeah, I'm just, I bring this up. I'm still looking for people to work with.

It's if I had a hundred people here is if a hundred people approached me with Greek, I want to work with you on procuring and having acquisitions and on the scale orator and other things that that's fine. We can, we can work with everyone. Everyone was plenty for everyone.

I don't know if a thousand people came and said, I want to work with you, but definitely 20, 30, 50, a hundred. We got plenty of room for that many people to get involved to expand it because I don't want to talk about the scale orator too much, but there's nothing like it. There is.

Yeah. That's why I've encouraged people to make them short. There is a specific question about a scale orator in the, in the questions here.

I got a lot to get to actually. So here's the thing. Okay.

Let's do it though. Let's go. Let's get rolling.

Yeah, definitely. God's trade in blood is a simple comment regarding about, you know, how things are traded off, but you know, pulling from the random stack, if you will, comments are good too. This was a good one.

This is referring to one of the Sonics. I like the Greeks mentioning of the afterlife and it's tie into the previous mention of having a child. Now I started this comment before, but didn't finish it.

In terms of people being wiped out, I constantly think of that about myself, if I'm so quote awakened and quote, to understand everything the Greek is saying, but am I really doing anything worth saving? And we started talking about this, you know, how things survive and what legacy is before, but, but I hadn't finished it because there was another response. Okay. The Greek and Hillman talk about Bible from completely different perspectives.

They are the only two people alive right now who have anything interesting to say about it. How could there be a winner? Their perspectives hardly overlap, if at all, that would have been obvious if Bocelli read the rest of my question. I'm honestly just looking to learn.

All right. Let's just hold on right there. I don't disagree in any way with Hillman if he sticks to what the text is, because remember, let's, let's forget about the Bible.

Let's say we, people were talking about, um, will be Dick, right? We can't start inventing stuff. We have to lift off all the data and every, and whatever can be known from what is written and authored, right? Or preserved. Let's say, you know, like, um, there were several books when they were put out in the 1800s that are still popular now had different introductions.

Like the wizard of Oz had like a 30 page or 20 page introduction, right? And they remove a lot of those. So does the, the original King James versions. They had very long introductions.

If you read those introductions, you'll see really what, what the version is about. So as long as Hillman sticks to the text, we're fine and not confabulate, not, you know, well, this could mean this and because it could mean this, then it means this, right? You see? So I've watched a little bit of his stuff. The, the, the, let's put it in a, those are some really, if you read the Bible, those are some really tough Jews, man.

Right? So, um, you know what I mean? I mean, it was pretty rough. Uh, there were tough people, uh, and all around and calling them Jews for the joke part. But the concept of calling someone a Jew is very recent, less than 500 years.

So it just reminds me of a lot of Jack Ruby quotes. Cause you know, I read those often and the stuff I do. So it's just one of those things.

So continue. Jack Ruby said, is it a Jack Ruby? Is it a Jack Ruby quote? Yeah. Those are some really tough Jews.

Yeah. Tough Jews. Jews are just as tough.

You got to know how tough we are. He was constantly on that according to people around him. So it's just, yeah, but you don't, the problem comes when you try to prove it, right? That's what toy mafia does.

Right. Like new mafia, toy mafia. They, they're, they're actually brutal and they're more dangerous and, um, uh, more established mafia because they're trying to always prove themselves anyway.

So how do I know that? Anyway, uh, those are, those are extremely private stories that go on, but exactly, which is why Jack died with parts of his fingers missing, but please continue. You know? Yeah. I mean, like give you an example of toy mafia.

I remember I met, I said, Tommy, what happened? He had an arm, half body cast. You ever see where like every part bone in the arm is broken and the cast has to go to the shoulder and you have a strut going across. Right.

Oh, absolutely. And I'm like, what? Yeah. I said, what happened, man? He said, I got into a fight with my brother.

I said, God damn, you guys fight pretty rough. So anyway, um, yeah, what I want to say is, uh, we got to stick to, if we're talking about something that is limited and confined, um, not constrained, but confined to a certain body of work. As long as we stick to the body of work, Hey, I'm willing to listen.

And if I don't know about it and it's there, Hey, I'm all for it, you know? So, um, yeah, uh, give you an example. The meta when David and Goliath metaphor, if you translate the meaning of the way the words are being used in their interchange, um, first thing Goliath said to, uh, David was, why are you sending this dog? Now a dog back in those days was slang for a male prostitute, right? And then, um, when David retorts, I'm going to cut off your flesh and give it to the birds while cutting off your flesh meant cutting off his penis. So that, so the real inter interchange, more realistic interchange, I should say between David and Goliath is Goliath's David for the first time, it says you sending this male prostitute and David says, I'm going to cut your off and feed it to the birds.

Wow. Wow. That's a lot more whatever than what you get Sunday school.

Right? So more, more, that's the way those words are being used. Yeah. More vivid and precise when you say it that way.

The other way it sounds kind of ambiguous. Like, yeah, it's whitewashed. So when Hillman says they were doped up and whatever, sure, man, fuck.

If I could find something to dope me up that I could still function shit. Why not? I need dope just to sober up. Like in other words, when I, uh, I don't do any of that, but I do Kratom coffee and cigarettes, but when I run into people on any level and talk to them about what they're doing, what they believe, I'm like, you gotta be fucking high to think that maybe I gotta get high to make sure like I'm on their level or something, you know, go talk to an attorney.

I like, yeah. Are you high? What are you talking about? Right. Or just to realistically do stuff.

When you investigate many armies, you'll find, uh, like I, I used to say, every war is a drug war because the armies that are savage and really crazy and just taking lots of risks, it turns out a lot of them were high on something, you know? Uh, and, and I mean, throughout history, it's not a matter of ethnicity or particular one army over another. It's just, if you check deep enough, they're high on something, you know, that was for the physicality of it, you know, to be able to, you know, whatever, but, uh, I'm talking about the mental part. Oh yeah.

But, uh, in other words, when I, when I hear people speaking and what they're thinking, by the way, when they, when they say they think they're actually telling you what they feel and when they say it, I feel it's what they're thinking. They're so confused. Well, right.

Let's continue. Yeah. But both are true because look, even psychologically, you know, just like, uh, you, you get your liquid courage, right? Because if you weren't already intoxicated, you wouldn't even, uh, venture to do certain things, you know, inhibitions drop and you go, okay.

And a lot of chemicals can do that. Not just booze. So anyway.

Yeah. No, I've had, by the way, I've had several people in business circles call me at night and I could tell they were drinking and even you can hear the bar in the background. Then I'm like, all right, so you're at a bar, you had a few drinks, so you needed that to, to, uh, get up enough courage to say something that you wanted to say before.

So go ahead. Right. And then there's like 10 seconds of silence, right? Okay.

Then, you know, like they didn't say what I just presumed was wrong. Yep. Anyways.

No. And there's a lot of, and there's a lot of times where it's just fascinating because, you know, once you tell them the thing that they thought they, you were getting surprised with, you know, they got to re, you know, kind of regroup and go, oops, I thought I was clever here. Well, that was a, that was a, well, that was a buzzkill when I told him that.

Right. So now we're back to anyway. Cause they practice, you know, people in that position often, uh, behave as though they invented that, you know, like as if that's not right.

I mean, that's, that's the kind of amusing part anyways, um, Greek in, in regards to relationships and picking someone to waste time with, uh, you mentioned before finding someone trainable, would you ever use nine star key or astrology, uh, slash anything occult to determine compatibility? Yeah. Yeah. And if you see, for example, the, the issue would come up when you see, let's say you're incompatible.

Now, you know what to look out for. So you nip it at the bud. So when you, let's say you're with someone who is antagonistic to you, a nine star key.

Well, nine, it doesn't mean they will be, but nine star key says they shows they will. So then you look out for the qualities of how, uh, what properties that type of person has and you nip it at the bud real early and you steer it away. It's like, for example, uh, let's go back to look at, look at, just look at that as an element, uh, that, that needs to be spread or contained.

For example, fire. Oh my gosh. Fire is heat.

A hot and destructive. Right? Yeah. But look, if you don't have some kind of fire or heat in a living space, it's considered inadequate.

Isn't it? Right. Right. So it's all the same with water.

Water is destructive. You know, more flood damage is done than anything else. Yeah.

But if you don't have running water in a, in a living space, it's considered inadequate now. Right? So you could look at these things in nine star key. Let's say someone that might be damaging to you according to nine star key, but you contain it just like you contain the water and you contain the fire where you live.

Right. So, okay. Uh, Greek, please elaborate on pushing DC electrical current through weather devices as mentioned by TJC in loom of the future.

Yeah, I wouldn't do that, but we've, some things mentioned in there he wouldn't do and didn't work. Fair. I remember I was having interchange with him to for about up until about a couple of weeks before he died.

And it was a couple of weeks cause she, she, she, the wife put him in hospice by the way with a, the wife, it was really funny. This is kind of personal, but, uh, I'll put it out anyway. I know his daughter's still alive.

I don't know if the wife is probably is, uh, the second wife or third, is it? But anyway, I'd call Trevor sometimes and he would be really excited. Actually, he called me more than I called him towards the end and, uh, he'd be kind of excited. And I say, Trevor, you sound cheerful today.

He says, yeah, now's a good time to talk cause she's gone shopping like, Oh no, you have one of those. What's the nine star key on his way. Right.

You get it. Anyway, tie that up. I just had to say that cause you know, the relationship thing.

No problem. Okay. So any comment on DARPA's Atmosense project, especially in conjunction with the magics, all caps, MAGICS, uh, program.

Say that again. Okay. Sorry.

Repeat that. I mean, I heard it, but I didn't, it didn't calculate. Go ahead.

No problem. Any comment on DARPA's Atmosense project, especially in conjunction with the all caps magics MAGICS program. Okay.

Well, I got that. Uh, okay. I got it the first time then.

No, no comment. I don't know anything about that really. Yeah.

I'll tell you the same. Anyone that works in any government position or whatever, if you're not a different species, you will. And they're, they're mostly idiotic wasting time, right? They don't want anything because everyone's looking at government projects to leak out and get, and it's all misdirection and inadequacy.

It's never, you never, no, they don't have anything. So it's marketing, right? Right. And quite a bit of a magics and majestic programs, honestly, are fabrications and falsehoods that people just invented in order to create intrigue.

And I don't mean the government. I mean, just common people invented them to have something to say that was supposed to be important. Yeah.

There's, there's the Jason, the Jason group is more is, is the magic group, by the way, when they say magic, they're talking about the Jasons, but that's another whole other story. Right, right. But what I'm saying is the stuff that you find under that label is typically a fabricated nonsense.

So, yeah, but there are, there, there are groups. It's just like the, think of when I say groups, like they're not even government, but they sound governmental, right? Council on foreign relations and the other one, the technocratic one council farm relations is political. And what's the other one that's more technocratic.

Trilateral. There's two of them. Trilateral.

Yeah. Right. Trilateral.

Those are the technocratic ones. Yeah. They're, they're right down the street from in Washington, DC, from all the main, whatever.

Even Hillary Clinton once was quoted that, uh, you know, how do you like your job as secretary of state? It's not so bad because the council of foreign relations is just right down the street. Oops. Exactly.

So, Hey, the boss, the boss is in the office next over. So it's easy to get to, right? Yeah. The boss is down the street.

Yes. Right. Okay.

So, so there are some exceptions to morons, but they're still moronic too. Yeah. So, right.

Yeah. In a class of their own, so to speak. All right.

All right. Also, I'm sure it's not just me, but the Israeli government, uh, trying to turn all the nations against them. And on that note, is it, uh, is it three I Atlas or three I, uh, a benthos, uh, the three I Atlas thing is about the comments.

I never, I'm sorry. The three, I don't know anything about that, but it's about the upcoming, sorry, the upcoming comments. Uh, Greek is what they're asking about because there's a bunch of, yeah, the one, the one that's coming.

Yeah. That they want to shoot with a nuke or something. Well, look, there's three of them.

Well, that's going to hit the moon. There's a cluster of three of them. And that's the three.

I'd be. Yeah. I talked about that a while back, but it may not be that, but, but, uh, okay.

Regarding the leadership in Israel, that's first chapter of Isaiah. And I kept bringing that up, that as long as they have prime ministers, it's going to be pretty bad for them. And he might be the last prime minister who knows.

I think there's one more after him and he position of Samson, because there's a repeat of judges and judges and the prime ministers, uh, paralleling. And then after that, they have a monarchy. So they're doing that.

So in a way to fulfill prophetic stuff in the first chapter of Isaiah or second chapter is it where it talks about, I will return to you, your former judges. And then you will be known as a righteous nation. So as long as they have prime minister, a minister, a judge is a ministerial power.

So prime minister is the prime judge. So as long as they have prime ministers and as they wrap that whole series of prime ministers up until they get to a monarchy, they're going to get worse and worse. I discussed this decade ago, two decades ago.

Right. Yeah. Yeah.

And I recall it as the second decade. Cause I remember you saying you'd already been talking about it for a decade by the time you and I started talking anyway. Right.

So where can I send my signature and my trust number to acquire the water Helix question mark. Also using the logic of the consumption of eggs. Could the same be said about eating seeds? The last part, uh, the consumption of what, what eating seeds or eggs.

Yes. Yeah. Pretty much.

But it's different. It's different. Right.

Remember, uh, plants can't walk. Plants can't move. They're in a dream state.

Right. And, uh, animals can move and they're always in envy. Right.

Did I ever say that? I don't think I've ever said that before. Only in private. I was talking to someone about the animalistic.

I found some notes. Uh, there's the, you know, the plant energy that moves the, that's how we get day and night. Right.

When a plant wants to go to the light and then when it gets too much light, right. One, you know, uh, goes back around. That's what keeps things moving is the plant vegetative force.

And then you have the animalistic force, which can move things. Um, and it's, they're envious. Like if you see a chicken with a caterpillar hanging out of its mouth and it's walking through a bunch of chickens, what do you think the next thing is going to happen? And what do you want to guess? Another chicken's going to come up and pluck it right out of its mouth.

Right. Yep. So, yep.

And then get pecked for it. So they're all full of envy. Um, so you're not going to, so put that together.

I'll keep it cryptic like that. But yes, the principle is the same, but the result is very different. By the way, we talked about, we talked about universal principles.

So the top of the higher, the body parts of the body, the higher they are when you stand, the more young they are and the lower the parts of the body are more yin. So the digestive system, the highest part of the digestive system is the teeth. That's got to be the most young and they are by definition.

And as you go down to the, to the, uh, colon, it's the most yin. And then finally you end up with a young enclosure, right? Um, so that's how the foods go down too. So in other words, the, when you eat oils and sweets, which are very yin, they're going to be more attracted to the teeth and stomach.

So the stomach is where the oils and sugars, most of the work on them is done there. That's why your gallbladder is there. For example.

So once you understand universal principle, you'll see the body is set up according to universal principle. Just like if you understand the combustion engine and how it requires cooling and power transfer and fuel, it's very large. If you don't build it according to a certain rationale, it won't work the same with the human body.

When you see universal principles, the hot top part of the body is more young than the lower part. And then any intake has to be processed accordingly. So the most yin intake gets processed at the most young part of the body.

Then you can go ahead and factor in the eggs and the seeds and the energies thereof, right? So that could be, that's another, that's a really long sonic to get into, but chew on that for a while. I'll stay cryptic with it. Why not? If some individuals are wiped out at quote death end quote, and some continue elsewhere, is this place then more of a sorting mechanism that the cosmos uses to identify quality individuals and get rid of the rest? Like a job interview question mark, you consider 20 people, but you move on with two or three.

By the way, reincarnating on this planet would be the highest form of punishment. I would rather choose complete annihilation. Here's that term again.

And somebody followed it up by saying, I thought reincarnation was a prank question mark. Yeah. Well, if there, here's the thing that most people that talk about reincarnation don't get into that.

If you, if there is reincarnation, let's say wholesale, guess what? If you're here, you're in the afterlife. Think about it, right? You know, cause there's talk about the, the afterlife is a category. Reincarnation is a category, but people avoid putting the two together.

And it's the only rational combination one can come up with. If you are a reincarnated being, that means you were incarnated, excarnated and reincarnated. So that would put you into the afterlife category.

So some people then would be living if they are reincarnated in the afterlife. And there's no mention of the afterlife of such a thing. So it's pretty, it gets confusing, but I would agree with most of his statements.

And yeah, I, I don't know what to say about these topics because the only firsthand experience I have is being incarnated. So at least to the memory that you can recall. And, but again, what about it? I'm incarnated right now.

Right. What about reincarnation being a prank in general though, directly? I mean, is that a fair statement as well? No problem. No, I don't think it's a prank.

It's a function that is considered right. Over-considered. Over-considered.

Well, maybe, maybe it depends on your position again. Right. Out of fear.

I think a lot of people cling to it as like a solution to their fears is what we really see a lot, right? Yeah. None of the Eastern texts talk about reincarnation that way. They just say that you will live and then you die and then you're judged on your works.

So that's in your Hindu texts and, you know, all these other texts. It doesn't say that you're keep coming back and this and that and the other. But anyway.

Well, like most things, common misconception always, right? You know, next time you'll come back as a horsefly because you're, you know, full of crap this time, so you'll chase it next time. Yeah. That's like the 72 virgins.

If you're more right in heaven, that's not anywhere. But I mean, that's much later on in commentary. These are just commentaries people make.

And when we went, I went over all those things. It wasn't definitive as those were all the possibilities. You know, you're you come back, you die, come back or you die and you're annihilated or you die and you go to something like I have it or you die and go something like a hell or you could be in like a purgatory state, a holding pattern.

Right. So I just brought up all the possibilities and the rational combinations. Fair enough.

Okay. Okay. So does the Greek have any strategies for dealing with tailgaters? I live in northern Virginia and drive, respectively, and close to the speed limit.

And it just isn't fast enough for people that want to go 10 to 20 miles over. Oh, yeah. Yeah.

Well, that's a commute. Okay. Everything is about communication.

So like one thing that I'll give you to set the mindset. One thing I don't like is two things I don't like with drivers is they at an intersection, you're not sure what to do. They don't at least hand wave you like, go ahead.

And they just look straight like they're dead. The other thing is not using a turning signal. I'm not talking about codes and laws.

Like, for example, if you slow down when someone wants to cross the street, you just stand there like a zombie looking forward. They don't know if you're going to if they should cross and you're going to hit the gas and run them over or you're actually there waiting for them to cross. But if you look, give them eye contact and then wave them over.

Right. What does it mean? They won't want to run you over to the toy mafia. Right.

But anyway, so the communication, the reason you use turning signals to communicate. So if someone's tailgating, hit your hazard lights on blink, blink, blink. Right.

That means that you're you're slow. It's the purpose of the hazard lights is that originally was that person can't go fast or slow moving vehicle. And it's hazardous to be on their tail because they could stop.

Right. So just put your hazard lights. I've done that several times and they go around you.

And if it's a single lane, just give them enough room if they gesture to go around you. Don't use a turning signal. Use the hazard lights and they get the signal that they should go around, that you're slow.

They might get pissed off, but that'll that'll communicate that you're not intending to go faster because of their tailgating. Now, the tailgater is communicating to you. How do you buy the virtue of tailgating? Right, right.

So you communicate back. Yeah, you communicate back with the hazard lights. So, yes.

OK, next. There you go. OK, but the same question still going.

I'm considering putting a mirror inside, not outside the car. Referring back to your discussion about smart mirrors or smart meters, excuse me, in the trunk facing traffic behind me to see if it is any kind of mental deterrent. What are your thoughts on that? Yeah, it could be.

I would try it. Yeah. Mirrors are very potent.

In certain traditions, when especially in what's called Jewish traditions in parts of the world, when they would do their cedars and prayers on Sabbaths and holidays, they go around the house and cover all the mirrors. Have you ever seen that or heard of it? Well, I've seen a lot. They cover the mirrors because they're portals, right? No, I've seen that a lot.

They have the black mirror lower. Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. And you see in a lot of older places where people are not supposed to be lurking and people get spooked, you definitely see like what looks like bedsheets over the mirrors even because they absolutely must be covered.

Some people say it's for cleaning purposes, but no, I think it's exactly what you're talking about. Yeah, they consider them to be portals. Yeah, exactly.

Okay, I don't think anyone is going to be annihilated if the gods put us here with all our faults and an evil system we've been living under from the time began. From, wait, from the time began. That's how they wrote it.

Okay, it would. That's okay, we got it. One fair that the gods will give humanity a utopia as a compensation.

You know, it seems very transactional here, this discussion. You know, you're gonna get a utopia. You're in an evil system.

There's a bunch of preconceived judgments there, right? I mean, or am I wrong about that? Yes, that's okay. Utopia means no man's land, by the way, literally in Greek, or good. Yeah, or it means the best of the, it could also mean the best of the place, which is interesting how it parallels no man's land, but I'm not sure.

I'm not sure. I'm a big proponent of the NPCs that a lot of people you run into are not even real. Yeah, they will bleed if you cut on them.

But they're not real. They're just like you'll walk around the corner and they're gone. Like they were just there for a reason that to play a temporary role.

So those would be like more illusionary. But I run into people that are vacuous, hollow vessels. So okay, so like they're being bred for food or something.

So right. So hi, Mr. Chuck, could you ask the Greek about catalysts and how you could go about choosing catalysts? What's the method of determining what type of catalysts you need to go along with, or excuse me, alongside of resin beads? Thanks. And then he says that might be too non-expressed enough.

So maybe he could talk a bit more about on catalysts. Well, catalysts would be platinum group metals for many things. Magnetite has catalytic properties and so does zeolite, even though it's considered an adsorber.

That's in the water dimension. The platinum groups are go after like the sulfur, oxygen, hydrogen compounds, and they do make changes. Catalysts also nickel beads, water and oil don't mix.

But if you run it over a nickel beads and it has enough motion, you end up with vegetable shortening, right? Where it does mix. So there's catalysts in the body as well. The oxygen is actually a catalyst.

You're actually a nitrogen breather, not an oxygen breather. That's very rational, easy to prove because what we're breathing is more than 70% nitrogen. So we're nitrogen breathers by majority, right? Statistically, but we need that oxygen in there to catalyze the reaction in the lungs.

Right. And yeah, so you're actually hydrogen based, not carbon based, by the way, it's very simple because you're mostly water. So I think a water based creature, not a carbon.

So all these things are, this is a big, it's a very big, big open subject. Right. And the other thing is, I think some people accidentally mix what a conduit and a catalyst is.

There is a bit of a difference, although some people use them interchangeably as well. Well, conduit is just a transport, right? Right. Transport.

So the thing that you can transport within, it's like the road is a conduit for the things that roll on it. And, you know. Yeah, but did that come up? Did the conduit come up? Did I miss that? No, I'm bringing it up because I think sometimes people use the word catalyst because catalyst is more of an active thing than just the road being there as a way that something can travel.

Yes. So there's a difference between a conduit and a catalyst. I think people often transpose the two is all I'm saying.

They use one for the other is all. All right. What else you got? Okay.

Okay. So garbage in, garbage out. That's a 3D printing thing.

All right. When we brought it up though, not really. He says 3D printing and Euclidean geometric, you know, imagination.

But that's not always true. I've seen it used in the early computer language back when we were dealing with. Now, Greek, this will bring back memories, Pascal and logo and, you know, and all that stuff.

Fortran. Yeah. It's even older.

Fortran. And yeah. Well, sure.

C++. Yeah, exactly. So all those languages, right? Computer languages.

We were using that terminology and the people that even introduced us to that when they had classes on the different things. They use garbage in, garbage out. I've heard that used scientifically many different ways, even people testing the consistency of batches of bullets.

I've heard him talk about garbage in, garbage out in reports in the 1970s that I've read. So, you know, this is not like confined to one thing, garbage in, garbage out or 3D printing even. Am I right or wrong about that? Well, yeah, you could take it even further that if a society's diet, what they eat, the quality goes down too low.

They become low quality also. Yeah. I mean, yeah.

Okay. What else? Okay. So does the Greek use the credit system he talks about to pay all his bills and purchases? The only time I've heard about reptilians is with the Space Force PSYOP.

These are all put together like one after the other. But anyway, you want to address the first question, then we'll go on to the Space Force thing. Yeah, I don't have any bills.

So I will soon. But that's already, we've already set it up to be, yeah, we'll be using the Bill of Exchange. Yeah.

I did a financial group and I've did more than a few, quite a few hours every time discussing the mindset for it to work. I brought up quite a few things here, even on the Sonics, that it's all about accounting. There is no money, right? You're in a temporary situation and it's kind of like when you, let's say you're taking care of a bunch of kindergartners and it's coming around 10 o'clock and you don't have plans for lunch.

So you ask someone to count how many children there are and what we should get for lunch. It hasn't happened yet. You write it all down.

And then when you write it all down, then you have to compare it to a menu because you can go get some lunch, right? It's all, no one's ever gotten any kind of, it's functioning on a temporary emergency basis. The emergencies have been called off mostly, but you're still operating as if there's nothing there and there isn't anything there. So you got to understand accounting.

The easiest way to understand accounting is if somebody sends you a bill and you don't know what to do with it, send them a bill for a dollar more. It doesn't really change the liability because it has to be more than a dollar to change the liability and just tell them to apply that to their bookkeeping to settle everything and to give them a little tender in there. Tell them what to do.

It's like that. If they don't settle that, you're going to go to a debt collector. You know, watch what happens, right? So yeah.

So remember, this kind of knowledge is going to be foreign because the whole system relies on it. It's a temporary system. By the way, the entire system, the government, everything financial operates day to day because they're not supposed to be doing what they're doing.

And so every day, like at the end of closing, whatever business they're doing, like, wow, I don't believe we got away with it for another day. We're going to see what happens tomorrow. You know, recently, by the way, I saw a YouTube video advertising and starting to tell people that, look, this is how your birth certificate works.

And it sounded very similar to what you've been explaining. And they want you to click through a website and go see them. Have you seen that? Yeah.

No, no, they're doing that because it's not really the birth certificate. This works even without a birth certificate. But the birth certificate is more the Mississippi 220 rule.

I know Missouri 220 rule states that a birth certificate is a real estate document. But it's a document that certifies that there's it's as good as any real estate document. Like a deed to a house or something.

I think it's Missouri or Minnesota 220. One or the other. You can look up.

I think it's Minnesota 220 or Missouri 220 that a birth certificate equals a real estate deed or, you know, to real estate. So yeah, but the birth certificate is very fundamental. But that's not, you know, the Social Security number, which gives you the right to create securities.

And you're the only one who could create securities. Banks and corporations can't. They're what's called debtors in possession.

Right. Now, look, this was in conjunction with the mention of going to the reserve window and all that to go utilize your certificate to draw on credits that are already. No, you can't go there.

No, you can't go there. They've set it up as an intermediary only to go. Yeah.

I'm just saying that it is similar language and it sounds very similar to what it is. And I've never heard that before. Anybody say anything like this in public? It's very new to my mind.

And I just happened to catch an ad about it. But it covers a lot of ground here where they're talking about this is the beginning of your paperwork. And eventually what you got to know is there's a receivership here and you draw on a line of credit based on the number.

So it's just one of those things where they tried to compress this into like 60 seconds. And I just found it interesting that there's. Yeah, well, it's it's everything is prepaid.

The Social Security number used to be called an exemption because you're exempt. But everyone wants to get paid twice. So when you get a bill from a corporation or a government that's already been paid for, they just want to see if they get you to pay for it again.

I gave the Starbucks analogy before. Right, right, right. So, yeah, I'm just saying that somebody's offering this as like we can show you how to do it on the commercials.

But anyway. Oh, yeah, it's been over this. That's been going on for 30 years now.

Fair enough. But I never saw you and the reptilians. Yeah, well, there's the reptilian aspect of it is mentioned in a lot of ancient texts throughout.

And I'm fond of them, by the way. But if I find out they're as dumb as humans, then I'm not so fond of them, if you get my point. No, fair enough.

There's a reason why Farrakhan used to talk about the great wheel in the sky and all that, too. Um, OK, so where can I send my signature and my trust number? Now, I asked that before, but I don't think we got it because they want, obviously, just go to for business on the water helix, the scalarator, just go to WWW water helix dot com. And there's an email there.

And I answer them all the time. You know, within 24 hours, you'll get an answer. I've had several people correspondence with, oh, yeah, I'll get one pretty soon.

And they never do. That's fine. You got to remember, if you want a device, there's quite a bit of friction and funneling involved, meaning we we do have some in stocks.

But I want to make sure that the match is, you know, made well. Like if you're selling a Cadillac and someone wants it to haul garbage, but they don't tell you that till the last day, do you still want to sell it to them? No, because. Right.

So in other words, I want to find out what kind of water quality you have. And if it's a good match, it has to be installed properly. The unit itself is extremely durable, but proper installation doesn't necessarily mean getting a plumber either.

It's location sensitive to a degree. Uh, so we I've actually rejected and let's see about three three people already based on the it wouldn't be a good match functionally, not because. Oh, you went away.

Can you hear me? Let's see. OK, Greek, you're still there, but your your audio is gone. Let's reload Jitsi and see what we get, because you seem to have gone away.

And I'd like to catch the recording here and try and end this properly. But then again, pretty close to concluding there in that statement. So let's just see if I can rejoin you already in progress.

Let's find out. So there you are. Hello.

Yeah, yeah. Can you hear me? Yeah. You suddenly were making no noise, so I'm sorry about that.

OK, I don't know what that was. There was a loud sound outside to hear. Who knows? So many got blasted.

Are we still are we still rolling? Oh, yeah, we are right now. OK, cool. Yeah.

So for the scale orator, it's just a matter of making a good match. And like I said, there's about three people that I've denied an offer to or an acquisition because it wouldn't be a good match. One of them was for character.

The other two was for, you know, it just wasn't needed. Like, for example, if you're in Atlanta area, you don't need it because you have a TDS of 20, which is if you measured rainwater, it would measure a TDS of 20. Right, right.

So it would improve it would improve the water quality and make it more like healing water if you bathed and had a lot of water features. But there's no need to remediate to mitigate scale, like I say on the site. Yeah.

So we have another site. It's a luxury site. Basically, the idea between the luxury site was one image, one word.

It's hard to get away with that. So it has like three words on it. And some images like you would expect if you go to Hermes or Ferrari or Rolls Royce website, what you expect there.

All the luxury sites are about the same. And and that one I don't talk about very much because it's going through certain channels doesn't mean that it's a secret. I just don't bring it up.

And on the Sonics. So there you have it. So anything.