This is SonicEvent198 and it's Rated Y. Hey Greek, you know, it's a little later, I don't know, the season seems to be changing on me at the moment, even though nobody would tell me the season's changing, but something in the general atmosphere out here in the Southeast seems to be changing, but would that matter to you over there? I'm not sure. No, it's fine. See, I eat seasonally and I go with temperature and I know what happens in the spring.

You get bursts of cold, there's blooms and all that sort of things you do to adjust for it, just like when it gets cold, you do things to adjust, but everything's on time. The oleander always blooms on the middle of the second month, so it's blooming now, everything's on time. You know, lawful second month, you tell an idiot second month, they think it's February, right? February, yes.

Yeah, and when I say idiot, it just means ignorant. You know, these words that I use, moron, idiot, whatever, affectionately known, because they're illegitimate words. They're real words.

They're not slang. No, there's a quantifiable, hey listen, there's a quantifiable explanation for exactly who it is, is technically an idiot. There is.

Unless you define what is, is, yeah. Yeah, you got to know what the meaning, anyway, speaking of that, just wanted to let you know that we did get a comment here, which I found interesting. Keep water from light, which is something you've been saying for, I don't know, a decade, at least with me, and it actually makes sense, this person says.

Light is programming, and if water has memory, keeping it separate from it makes sense. Now, that's a fascinating thing, because light in and of itself is an energy transfer, so it would affect a lot of things that it transfers energy to, one way or another. It's a perturbation in the ether, believe it or not.

Everything's healthy, that's, I've had someone that wants to do, I don't know if she'd talk about it, but let's just say gravity research, right? When you say gravity research, you know, meaning going the other way, and I'm like, oh yeah, we could do that. I haven't, but I understand what it is. It's not, you know, it's not a pull force, it's a push, and it's all pressure, and yeah, we can do that.

But the reason I said the light and the water is because I've been running tests now for about two years on the Scalarator, on what affects water, and you know, various tests on water, and I found that the water quality reverts back to closer to how it was before it ran through the device when it's subject to light. And I started noticing that, of course, in the bathroom, you know, I was shaving and I got an idea kind of thing. Now, we have an east window, a large window in the bathroom, and it comes in in the morning, which is good light, because you could say it's just light, because it's not heat and light from the end of the day.

The western light is hot, warm, and different color, right? Well, it hasn't had a chance to cumulatively build up, right? To accumulate. So it's very objective. It's a good, it's a clean light, and the drains in the shadow of both the tub and the sink and the toilet develop a little bit more mineral on the side where the light hits it, but never on the shadow side.

So it's, right, but it wipes off. It's nothing like it was before it was hard water, knows what I'm talking about. You know, like the shower doors, there's clear glass doors and they're totally squeaky clean without any work.

And if you've never experienced this in your own home, typically around the drains, you'll start to see in some other places like a yellowish, almost like a nicotine stain on the tub. Sure, sir, but what I'm saying, that was the, like a pun on basically guy was shaving or taking a shower and he got an idea. It was blatant because after I was doing experiments, but then I noticed like a half moon, a half ring only on the side that gets the light, the mineral developing, right? And now you'll get mineral development, not scale is a difference, a scale.

You need like a chisel or a hammer to get it off. Mineral is just a mineral deposit. You could wipe off with even mild scrubbing is the worst you're going to have with the scale orator.

But my point here was that it was so objective because the side that always remained in shadow because the Eastern light's going to come in only until about 10, 10, 30, right? Up until summer. And then it starts coming in earlier, but, and it was a perfect half moon mineral side only where the light hit it. And then I furthered on light with chilled water, you know, keeping the water at 39, one would light one without radical difference again, more so than if you didn't bring the water to 39 back and forth, back and forth.

But pretty soon we're going to have access to more, I shouldn't say the tools that exist for testing water are totally, wholly inadequate because it's just chemical analysis. So we're gonna have to develop quality analysis, which is going to have to go with subtle electrical qualities and ability to carry mineral and deposit it and all that. And that's what we're going to do only because there's nothing really written about it.

Everything is just, you know, when you look at water tests, it's a strict chemical analysis, right? Right. It's all about how much of the, but I won't have time to focus too much on that because right now it's about setting up the lab and doing some more larger units, meaning larger pipes and also getting a crew together that understands it. And a new website that will be focusing on the luxury market only, right? Like a Timex will never be a Rolex.

So if Timex came out with a $30,000 watch, uh, it, it won't because you see what I mean? Because they already are established. You would be a joke, but eventually if one day Rolex wanted to come out with a $20 watch, people would buy it. Yeah.

They actually did a little more than that. But during World War II, you know how all the companies pitched in on, you know, the war effort, they did make a serviceman's watch. And one of them was called the Aviator, the one that was for field people.

And it wasn't, it's highly collectible by the way, because it was a limited run and it was very cheap. It was affordable to military people and script, right? And they only did that during the war kind of, you know, like Harley Davidson, you know, made, you know, all this stuff. There's a whole history to time pieces and what they did for the U S military because some of these things became inherited, by the way, preserves the European military.

But yeah. But my point here is, but they did it in the U S too, just saying, yeah, we want to establish in the luxury market first and then go over to the regular people in quotes, you can't do the reverse. Uh, like, you know, Volkswagen, uh, made a V 12 sedan that actually was on par with Bentley and Rolls Royce.

And it got very little or no attention. You could buy a used one now for like six grand and it's really a ride like a Bentley and it's the quality level of that. But no one ever thought to put it up against the Bentley or Rolls Royce because it's a Volkswagen, right? It's the people's cart after all.

I mean, so the thing is, uh, if I had 20 regular people that wanted a scale, right, I would turn them down. They would have to be a high net worth person that has, uh, or individual, whatever you want to call it. But one of the people that has connections like an agents that are in the art industry, the high end real estate, uh, you know, the private jet, the high end cars.

One of those people that never buys a car off the lot for themselves. They actually have, I'll just say this with the heirs of the original Lamborghini motor company there, because here's the thing, anyone who looks at the, uh, the, the device on the website, even though we don't have the luxury website is like, wow, what the hell is it? It's very impressive looking. You really don't know what it is or what it does.

There's quite nothing quite like it. It's quite the piece, you know, to look at. It's like eye candy for people that have been spending all day looking at water treatment devices like natural action tech.

They have a bunch of PVC pipes with end caps and a sticker on it and it's $3,000, right? And uh, yeah, it's just a, you know, it's nothing like that. So anyway, I just wanted to put that out because the, uh, it's too, this is the kind of stuff you do when you're half my age. Now, I mean, you could start a business at 80.

It doesn't matter. Like, um, you know, the guy Bricklin, the guy who brought Subaru to the U S in the seventies, they told him he'll never work. Right.

Yeah. Yeah. And he made the sports car that was safe and they beat him up.

Uh, every, everyone that had a contract with them, reneged on the, did not perform and they forced him to build it with prison labor in Canada using Bondo. Anyway, he's wants to do a three wheel car electric for 30 grand and it looks like a Lambo or a Ferrari and he still can't get it going. And he's 80.

He just started with 82 and I started the company at 80, the new company. But anyway, we'll cut, you got any questions or anything? Yeah. I got a few things.

Uh, but just real quickly on the cars thing, what was that other super safe car that was around? Everybody touted it for its safety. Uh, That was back in the fifties. The one you taught Tucker.

Well, there was that one, but there was one that was more recent, like, and it was very popular in the eighties and it was like the indestructible kind of car when people were worried about it. Of course, it's gotta be the Yugo, right? No, not the Yugo. I know.

I know. Yugo is funny though, because Yugo is the Yugoslavian car and now the country doesn't exist. Yeah.

Yeah. It's just horrible. But yeah, worse than AMC Pacer.

But no, I'm not sure. The safety Volvo was always Volvo. That's it.

Yes. The Volvo. And that thing faced a similar kind of weird thing where it popped up in trends.

And then has anybody even seen Volvo in a while? I mean, are they, They saw the company went under because it got, uh, looking for funding, just like Saab. I really liked Saabs. I think they were good.

Well, you have a Saab story. Oh yeah. They're excellent cars for driving.

Speaking of shifting culture, actually, somebody sent in a pseudo question comment, which I'm going to condense here, because they want to hear your ideas about something here, considering where you were born. In other words, you have a poor view of culture and how it's pretty much, you know, nothing and everything is kind of junk. And what it boils down to is perhaps that's because you were born in America where there isn't a cultural history.

There isn't a, what's the word they use a lineage. And if perhaps you were born in an ancient place that had a longer timeline and ancient culture behind it, uh, and if you spent time there and not the majority of your time here in the West or America, whatever you want to call it, you would have a completely different view of the world. Is it possible that you're simply that, let me give an analogy, analogous answer to that.

You heard me say like people with a New York accent, you sound dumb no matter, no matter how smart you are. Yeah. I'm going to sound like Boston, but no matter how smart you are, if you talk like turdy turd and turd and you look for you from New York or you sound dumb, or if you sound like Archie Bunker, you automatically, it's like, oh, okay, you're, you're, you're what your chordal cue to cue is.

So I was always curious about that. But then I found, uh, that a lot of them were not smart. And I said, you know, it's probably because they sound dumb and they are dumb.

Let me get out of New York. This is a young age now, early teens. Let me get out of New York.

Right. Let me go out. Let me get out of New York.

So up and down the East coast. I met, and here's the thing in New York, you're going to meet a lot of, uh, internationals. I call them Euro trash, but anyway, internationals.

And um, uh, then I went to the West coast. I met a lot of internationals. I went to Europe.

I said, oh no, it's not a New York problem. It's a human problem. People are generally dumb no matter where you're from.

Now the thing I noticed about most parts of Europe, if not even if you go to like Rome, you know, you still have to pay for water. You have to, there's a coin for taking a shower, right? They meter everything. Not still, but yeah, yeah.

You could find, if the hotel hasn't been remodeled since the nineties, if you go to Rome, to a hotel, they ask you for a coin, you know, like the vibrating bed kind of coin, but everything, everything had coins or what they call tokens in a lot of places. Yeah. You could pick them up from the desk.

Very primitive. Yeah. Yeah.

Okay. Like if you go to Athens or whatever, it's like downtown Brooklyn is a hundred times more interesting. You know, the Parthenon is always falling apart.

There's not, the ruins are not worth it. If you really want to see the Greek ruins, you go to the museum of London. Sorry.

You know about that. The statues and all that were taken. They took everything.

Yeah. So the Elgin marbles and all that. So, and if you really want to see Egyptian stuff, you go to the Metropolitan Museum.

They're so flaunting there that they actually erected some of the Cleopatra's needles in Central Park. The actual ones they took out of Egypt, they're in Central Park with the acid rain. So it very, very, very primitive.

I found, I think the whole thing is the consciousness element. Like for example, I spent most of the day working on the cars we have because the, the quality of the, the service of mechanics has gone down so low, something like building an automatic transmission. I don't want to do, but engine mounts and valve covers and valve jobs and all that.

I'll do most of it because you bring it to someone. Yeah. So what they, it's $150 an hour.

Yeah. You'll get a bill, you know, you know, you buy the engine, not put it in an hour and the engine mounts 40 bucks and you know, you're going to, they're going to charge you 400 for that. Right.

You know? All right. So what? Okay. But when you get it, you come back, there's a bolt missing.

They didn't connect this, this or that, whatever. It's like, what the hell? You know, this is real basic stuff. The same thing in 2019 when we would go out to eat, we had some really good meals and I would tell the wife and say, you better enjoy this because you know, in a few years you won't be able to go out.

The food will be terrible. Even the same place. And I'm right.

Yeah. Okay. But here's the thing.

Everything's going down. Okay. But, but, but let me, let me just stop you because I'm hearing all this stuff about over here in this part of the world and literally you're being in places where you're steeped in a culture that could have only possibly existed a couple hundred years.

Yeah. Unless I'm like, I have to be gradually impressed. I'm not like a, what is it called? A nitpicker or whatever.

I just have a certain standard and like I, like I, okay. Same thing with people. When you meet someone, make a judgment call in the first minute and uh, and just set it aside as a reference and see if the person moves away from that judgment call or is really that because if you get to know the person after a month and the, your initial 32nd judgment call still holds true.

Now what you're doing is you're fine tuning your, your skills, right? Right. Don't abandon, don't abandon what you write. So practice these things.

So what I use is basically references is, is how people view the place they live, right? And from at one point I would say Americans are pretty high up on the list. Like for example, uh, on that end, uh, for example, uh, you know, there's a, if you even look now, documentaries on most of the cities and urban areas in India, you see litter everywhere. And that started when they were protesting the government in the fifties, they did it by throwing the garbage out of their windows on the street and, and, and not having it picked up.

And it's somehow they did, they protested for so long, it became part of the landscape. It was a cultural thing. Just like in Spain, they don't say, they say, they speak with a list because King Philip had a list and to normalize him, everyone started speaking with a list, right? A list.

So there's the normalization part, there's your own personal references. Uh, I, I like to make personal references as objective as possible that have to do with what's called, uh, you know, health and fitness, wellbeing, both mental and non-mental. But here, here's the thing.

This is one of the things I wanted to get into and not maybe too much is if you go to a place where everyone is insane, uh, it doesn't really prove that well to call one of them insane because they're all insane and they won't know what you're talking about. Right? So in order to have that, let's say a malady or an illness, it has to be narrowed out from the collective group. So this is very specific because right now the quick references that I use, I find that pretty much everyone I run into without any, very few exceptions or have a slight insanity, like not, they're not well, right? Uh, and you can't call them out on it because everyone else is in the same boat.

So what do you do? Right? Do you keep, you keep it to yourself and you start building reference points and that's why you're like, oh yeah, I could be in solitary confinement just fine. But anyway, when you go to somebody's house and you walk in the door and the place stinks, the people that live there and the people that are constantly there don't even smell it anymore. It's the same thing.

It's like, what do you mean it stinks? You can't smell it anymore. Everyone's house stinks. And if everyone's house stinks.

Here's the thing, if you go to most Mexican households, it smells like fabuloso. Every one of them pretty much. Right? And they think it smells good.

Okay. And it goes beyond that. Uh, you know, I'm, I'm seeing things that I really never wanted to see, uh, as a collective and it goes down to the individual and it really makes me feel like this is a hundred, uh, you know, a hundred percent, uh, wrong, um, anybody from India or Pakistan or from any of the surrounding areas, uh, you know, geographically there, if they came from there for about 30 years, if I stepped into their house, all their houses smelled the same and it all smelled right.

But, but it's, it goes beyond that. It's a communication culture. Um, you know, what they view as being wellbeing, you know, there's a, well, there's a way of, uh, there's a wellness or wellbeing this, if you could say that, that all humans can share and it has to do with good hygiene, cleanliness to a degree and, um, and, uh, a good diet, you know, based on the seasons and that's what I was going to point out is they all had common foods.

They all had common, uh, toiletries and toiletries they use. They all use similar cleaning products and it just seemed to be a shared sort of a action where obviously, but here's the thing. In that case, the Americans rule are the low, the one of the worst when it comes to food and a bunch of other stuff.

Uh, so it, it varies so much that I can't really say, but there is something that genetic memory may be, uh, for example, when I was out at the mines, they were setting up a 48 inch sand screw. Now, 48 inches sounds pretty small. No, it was about 50 feet long and it's 48 inches in diameter.

It's like an Archimedes spiral and it goes against gravity and water flows one way and the gold goes up the other way. The heavies, right? Okay. And they, they set it up and they couldn't get it level.

So I went, there's my first day on the mind and I started directing how the steel should be cut and welded. And the old timers were very upset because who's this guy, right? Especially, you know, with a New York accent, let's say, you know, he's a Yankee. Well, I don't sound like an Arizona, right? Or Nevada or whatever, or a Texan or an Okie or a Colorado, you know, you have, you have more of a bland East coast accent.

It's not really specific to New York, but yeah, sort of a Yankee, but they're very upset. So the boss of the operation shows up and he says, listen to what the Greek says, because when his ancestors were building the Parthenon, your ancestors were living in caves. So and I was like, Ooh, okay, well thanks.

But I, that's not, that's going to piss them off even more. But they chilled out. But that actually, that actually, this is the level of truthfulness to that.

But the thing is when I heard, you know, maybe because of the culture or whatever, but anyway, I have no direct answer. What's the other question? Okay. Well, there's a couple of things.

Anyway, let's see. We went through that. Oh, okay.

Here's another one. The Greeks, I would like to hear the Greeks thoughts on Ayahuasca. And then they go into a whole thing.

I don't know if you want this description about their experience. No, no, I've had, I've heard, I have never done it. I don't feel like I have a need for it.

The, I would do, what's the other one that's popular where you start seeing the matrix now? The, well, there's, there's psilocybin, there's psilocybin, which is natural, there's DMT. DMT. I would do the DMT before I did the Ayahuasca, the synthetic one, believe it or not, in some cases, synthetics are actually better to do than natural hallucinations because I've done the LSD verse and the, not the Ayahuasca, but the mushrooms.

And actually I would prefer the speed, the speed high from the synthetic. See that's weird. I have exactly the natural, exactly the opposite experience.

I either got nothing or a very bad time out of the, uh, uh, the synthetic and the psilocybin to me was extremely, uh, helpful, therapeutic. I, it allowed me to do things psychologically, emotionally, and even physically, and it never leaves you. In other words, you, you could think about it and he puts you right back in that state, right? When you remember what you got from it, you are literally, you have a permanent alteration with the psilocybin.

Uh, I've gotten, okay, I've gotten people from all walks of life. It was very popular about a decade ago for people to make pilgrimages, like, you know, the yuppie type, you know, the guy, you know, he's taking a month off from working on wall street. He's going to spend a 5,000 bucks, find a shaman down and wherever, and, uh, do some ayahuasca and they're going to guide him and all that.

Right. And they're going to put them in a teepee or a tent for, uh, they all had very different reactions. So one can't say, uh, it does this or it does that.

Most of them were negative, meaning, uh, in terms of the way they felt through the whole thing, uh, in terms of terror and feeling like they're going to die. So with that said, why don't, why don't we give his experience? Do it. Instead of just dismissing it, how, what's paraphrase like what this person's experience was like.

Yeah, I'll do that. But just a quick commentary here. You know what, to me, all of this stuff is legitimate medicine and why? Because it does have a, there is no one size fits all anything about it, which is the way medicine truly works.

There are general guidelines here, but the truth is some things will be more effective for you or less effective for you than they are for me, et cetera. And it's based on the fact that we are all constructed just slightly differently. There are rules that apply, but when it comes to true medicine, there isn't a standardized everybody.

There is. And that's why I believe in medical racism, whether it's synthetic stuff or natural stuff, people are, we're very different. And we've talked about it from a medical standpoint, ask any anesthesiologist, if he doesn't practice medical racism, you'll have a lot of dead black people or melanated people.

Right. And, and the whole thing with Asians and there's a, you know, different tropics, they'll kill, you know? Yeah. So anyway.

Okay. So give us a little bit of a paraphrase on this person's right. I'll read part of it.

Let's see. Okay. Let's see when.

Okay. I was good. Okay.

So his experience goes like this, you know, and he talks about how some people talk about, you know, being able to actually speak with the gods and all that. Okay. He says, I can easily buy into that concept because I had an experience where I visually experienced visualizing the hierarchies of various individuals that seem to play influential roles.

Now they had human form and, but they look, you know, different because of the experience itself. They were amazing, beautiful, all that. And he doesn't quite know how to describe it.

And there was not much going on because I felt too dumb to communicate with them. So I just sat and observed mostly. Do you think substances like ayahuasca, another sub questionnaire, do you think substances like ayahuasca and psilocybin mushrooms give us direct access to the realm of the gods? Indirect access because direct access would be on command, right? And it would be a lot cleaner.

And how, how careful should we be about these experiences? You know, how seriously should we take them or is it just kind of another, you know, form of entertainment? I think it's personal. Like, you know, ask someone like Ken Kesey, Timothy Leary that, you know, and you have a different answer. But I don't even know if people know who Ken Kesey is at Magic Bus Days.

I used to hang out with Michael Graden who did the trip with him, but he went by the name of Moses. And I said, why Moses? He says, guys, Moses was known for guiding people. That's what I do.

And it was a trip when I was hanging out with, with for a week or so with Larry, Larry Fishburne. He's always looking at people in situations and he says, I want to do a short movie with Moses and Mike Graden and I want to have Mickey Rourke cast as him. And I was like, OK, to give people an idea.

But the variations of how it should be used and how often depends on the culture, believe it or not, and personal preference. I would suggest and I don't get much into, you know, after death, what happens. But if there is any consciousness after you die, you're going to feel like you're high and doped out seriously.

It's not going to be anything like a sober body. And I would almost want to say when I told you so later on. But yeah, when you die and you have any consciousness, it's like you're high and doped up.

So if you get high and doped up now and some serious hallucinogenics, I can almost say speculatively that's what it's like if you have consciousness after death. So to live it up is another way to think of it. Another thing, though, just to say here is I object to the idea of describing the psilocybin experience as high.

It was not like a high. It wasn't like smoking weed. It's almost like, you know, when you're in movies, they have these multiplexes.

You could walk out of one movie and go into another. Yeah. OK.

It's more like that. Yeah, it's definitely like that. And then you're immersed in, you know, like when you actually get lost in a movie, in that experience and you're kind of, you know, sort of suspended.

But here's the thing with the psilocybin, LSD also, I heard before I first did it, advice, make sure you're around a good crowd. Don't be in the city. You know, it's advice because if someone gives you a bad head, you know, a bad vibe, it lasts for the whole time.

It's really hard to get out of it. And fortunately, that's never happened to me. But I've seen how people did not have a good quote unquote trip.

Yeah. And then people tell you, be around people you trust because, you know, some people just decide to be, you know, tricksters of sorts and, you know, mess with you and, you know, because they they use themselves. But psilocybin was just a generally really good emotional well-being feeling.

Yeah. Right. But but they did.

There was a whole other stuff. Housewives were popping in the 60s. What was it? A whole bunch of stuff.

Oh, yeah. Right. And yeah, they had a bunch of different things to make him feel good.

And that's why when you say, hey, dear, you know, you watch a movie from the 50s, hey, dear, she's so. I said, I bet she's she's high on something right now. Well, there were a lot of 70s that the actress actually, you know, would be high as well as.

Well, there were a lot of there were a lot of what they would call mama's little helpers right out there. There you go. Yeah.

All right. What else you got? OK. Please ask the Greek how we can further heal old scars on the skin that seem sensitive after years.

Also with tattoo removal to help with the skin heal. Can I compress the skin and wrap it tight right after a laser treatment? Yeah, absolutely. Vacuum wouldn't be lost as much than if you had a cut on the skin.

But what will happen is the actual burn, let's say, from the laser treatment will be your body will interpret it as an injury and start sending the emergency services there to swell it. And right. So you don't have to wrap it as tight because it's not an inclusion on the skin.

It's not anything cut or open like you would want to seal a tire that has a cut in it. Right. Literally think of it as a pressure differential.

You wouldn't have to have that much. I would do blue light if and blue lights. Very simple.

Go get some blue glass at a thrift store, stick a light bulb in it and give yourself an hour of that. You know, like, for example, when didn't didn't show God, he is the name chroma therapy or chroma light therapy thing with the blue lights and all the different colored lights for different things. Yeah, that works like you get a sunburn, you know, you're going to get a sunburn.

So when you come inside, you know, it's always worst at night. You know, if you got some you come in at night, you're going to sleep anyway. Put a blue light, which is at least a hundred watt light bulb.

Now we just have LEDs, very bright light bulb inside, like a blue mason jar or something. We'll get that blue film and sleep with that on and you'll wake up and there'll be no sunburn. It does work.

Really? Because, you know, I get that if I get a bad sunburn, I get that physical feeling almost as if my skin is smoldering. You know what I mean? It's a tingling and it's a pain. It's painful, actually.

And if you take a warm shower, it feels like you're being scalded. But the blue light does work. I mean, I've had I've had doctors look at it and call it, you know, sun poisoning many times when I've had, you know, a lot of damage.

You could justify that several ways. You got to get melanated, dude. You need anyway.

No, I have a little bit of that. So yeah, but no, I would say don't treat it like an open wound, but definitely not doesn't have to be that tight. I would say firm.

You could even do cold water, not ice, unless you have an ice pack with a barrier, like, you know, a couple of layers of cotton or something to keep it from freezing. But the blue light would definitely be a big help. And yeah, and I don't have much experience with that because tattoo removal is a laser treatment and lasers are really funky.

A bunch of people I've been in touch with actually one is really big on the laser thing. And but they don't understand the vacuum and all the other stuff. So it'd be interesting to give people that are practitioners a real understanding of how the human body works and then go reapply what they think is a cure all for a lot of things.

But anyway, anything else? Not really. There was there's a question in progress the next time we get together. It's about colors.

And I'm going to wait until he responds to me because I asked him to clarify to make more sense of it. But also somebody, you know, was there was a couple of comments that standing out this week about, you know, everything is a waste of time. And I say that, yeah, a great T-shirt could come out of that, except instead of quoting the Greek on it.

What you do is you give people the idea that since they're the ones reading it, you and everything around you is a waste of time. Make that like a thought of the day T-shirt and just print that on both sides and big, big white text on a black background. And boom.

I wonder, though, the market that would actually buy that T-shirt, would they think it's so much of a waste of time that they wouldn't bother buying the T-shirt and it wouldn't work as a product? Yeah, that's right. It's self-defeating. I would think of it.

Yeah. The wordage is very important, like brainwashing and washing your brain. Right.

Very different syntax. Well, you should say syntax, but very different impression. Like I was very sad to see the people that came up and actually started using the moniker mental floss because I thought that was a great concept.

Mental floss. That's actually you cleaning out the little bits of crap that are stuck around your mind. You know what I mean? Yeah.

The stuff that you chewed and never really got to where it was supposed to go. It just hangs around. But I would say that there's probably a better way to say it.

I've been thinking that everything is about wasting your time for a very long time. I just didn't know how to say it. So I said, just call it how you see it.

Yeah. It is. What is it? Occam's razor, the simplest solution is often the correct one.

There you go. I mean, I paraphrase. Some people resist that.

They say, it's not a waste of time. I have memory. I'm like, oh my gosh, triggered.

Occam's razor. In real life. So look, I know you had a couple of ideas, etc.

But anything, this will be our final get together on the the platform they call Skype. So I do need to ask you, and somebody did ask it because I guess they missed the last couple. Are you going to continue the financial discussion you were having as a group discussion on teams or.

Yeah. I'm taking. Here's I'll do a public thing.

If I'm not going around that much. I'm not. I wanted to get a bunch of people.

This is not for anyone. Whatever. Don't take it personally.

But I need. I don't know. It just didn't it didn't work out for me.

Let's just say it that way. So I haven't been revisiting it or anything. It's still.

OK. Yeah. It just didn't work out.

But that's fine. I mean, I have no expectations. And but no, but I am still continuing the financial work with another group, believe it or not.

And we'll see how that goes. I have no expectations there either. The reason I did it is like from the old parlance that you hear and what they call Buddhism and the old philosophy, philosophical reasons.

If you do something for selfish reasons, but it's still good. It's still a good thing. Right.

Because if you didn't do it, no good would have come out of it. I'm doing the financial thing strictly for selfish reasons, because I want to stay with the inventing and the creative stuff. I have so much to do that I do not want to spend time on the financial end.

So I figured if I can get some people up to speed with it, they will benefit clearly in their personal lives. And I could work with them and they would also handle my stuff. So I don't have to spend time with it.

So they get the benefit of knowing how to do it and they can take it off your hands. And there you go. So, you know, yeah.

And then I could start a trust and then they could be a trustee of my trust and I would reciprocate trustee of their trust. And to have an organization, all that now, I'm not condemning anyone or anything, but right now, as it is for me, it's on hold. And give an example like today at 10 a.m., I was contacted out of the blue the other day from someone that I've known for 15 years, haven't met their they do real estate and all this other stuff.

And this is, hey, I'd like you to bring you into a conference that we have every Saturday morning. And these guys are into the financial system and they are and they're actually working in it. But they don't know much and they were quite impressed with what I brought.

And I was not so impressed, but it's very workable. My big thing with people is communication. I think everyone needs to work on their communication skills, including myself.

But when I see the communication is lacking, I just have to step away. I'm not there to correct that. People have to work that on their own.

And I say, hey, if you if if you ever get a criticism that you're not a good communicator, just emulate someone who is. That's how physical therapy works. Right. 

Right. Or mental therapy. Just copy. 

Like if you know someone who is an artist, for example, they you know, they have like writer's block. Yeah, it's almost like the concept of act as if. Right. 

I think, yeah, I've known some artists, professional artists, portrait painters and stuff. And when they go through like a block, a creative block, they get these big coffee table books. They pay like 200 bucks from these large Picasso books or Rembrandt.

And they start just copying that painting to see how well they can copy it, to go through that other person's motions. Right. And then that breaks them out of their funk.

Right. So I've told people, if you have a problem, hey, listen, I may not be the best to ever just just, you know, emulate the way I speak. Well, a lot of musicians, when they get down creatively, kind of what do they do? They get together with a couple of friends and they start playing the songs that they enjoyed to try to emulate the creations that they were inspired to do their own.

Enjoying, I'm saying is just do a cover. Do somebody plays with somebody else's play? What I'm saying is the thing that inspired them to be a musician. Now they go through the motions of doing it.

And it's sort of a way of accomplishing the same goal, right? Yeah, sort of. It's just a matter of the thing is to still have a discipline, even though it's not your personal way, but you go through the motions just like a physical therapy. If someone has trouble walking, there is a standard way of walking.

Everyone has a different gate and a different step and all that. But if there's a standard way, go ahead and do that just to get yourself moving and then go ahead and freestyle. It's called freestyling, right? Everybody's freestyling.

So, yeah, it's fine. But everyone has their own pace at learning and being proactive. But I need it like front loaded and fast.

This is kind of like we're going to war in 30 days. This is not a 90 day boot camp. It's a 30 day boot camp, you know, kind of thing.

So I would hate to have to do what I'm doing and the financial stuff and the administrative stuff. Oh, my gosh, that would be that would really like stuff that I would say I get done in six months now will take me a year or two years. So it kills, by the way, doing the financially administrative stuff, the stuff the bankers like to do, you know, being like that, because you have to be just like them for them to, you know, to work with them destroys creativity for me.

I can't go back from in the middle of doing some R&D or developing something. And I spend an hour doing bulls of exchange or studying something that I want to get into. I go back to what I was working on.

And it's like, what the hell am I doing? I forgot or this doesn't you know, even if I took notes, I can't go. So I know I have to separate that. Right.

And that's why I'm doing it. I just want to find people.