And Sonic Event 176, here we are, and we're actually live on a screen tonight, trying this out on Saturdays, looks like. Greg, you wanted to do this, right? Yeah, let's see if we can get some interaction. That looks like there's about nine people or so, or eight people.

Yeah. Me on there, now there's seven or whatever bouncing around, so I don't know if they can hear us. If you guys out there can hear us, type something in the chat, right? Yeah, please do.

You can type in there as anonymous, or you can use the name on the chatango, if you like, either way. Yeah. I think there's a delay, right? About 30 seconds or less? Yeah, it could be.

It could be about 30 seconds, depending on compression. It's a little irregular. I use a slightly cheaper streamer, so it's a little irregular, but it works, you know? Yeah.

Anyway, so, should we start with the yin and yang right now? Because I think that's a good one, and we've been getting feedback about that. Yeah, it's important, that's how you use to discern what's going on around you, whether it's physical or non-physical. Right.

And it never lets you down if you do it right. Here, I'll start with it, okay, yin and yang, the concept of yin and yang is yang. So, when you're approaching something to see if this is yin or yang, or using universal principles, it's a yang principle, because it's focused, right? So, if you're looking at something to determine whether this is yin or yang, meaning expansive, cooling, soft, or is it contractive, warm, and hard, right? Those are the two contrasts.

When you approach something to try to diagnose that, to see what it is, because you know the opposites will be involved, and a balance is trying to be found, that is actually a yang approach, and a yang condition, let's say. And because of that, now that's funny, because we're trying to objectify yin and yang, right? See how difficult it is to objectify? Well, yeah, and some things, you know... You'll say, well, what is it? And because you're still searching, that's the yin part of it, because you don't have the answer yet. So, the question, questions are always yin, and answers are always yang.

What if you ask a very specific question, that's more of a yang question, but it's still in the yin category. So, a very narrow answer. Specific.

Specific, okay. Well, let's say you ask a specific question, and all questions are yin, but if you make it really specific and poignant, that's more yang. And if you get an answer that is kind of general, that's a yin answer, even though answers are yang.

So, there's a category within each... Pixels are very much like this. Gray matter, if you look real close, a gray pixel, a gray tone will look like black and white, varying amounts of pixels, right? That's why the yin and yang symbol has that, right? Black and white. But it's not really black and white.

It just shows you how it's broken up. So, I've always, like I was in a four-hour conference call with engineers and investors and all that today, right? And now, you don't want to be in a four-hour conference call with me about water and how things work, right? No, you don't want to be in a call like that, because... Anyway, actually, you might want to, you might want to, but it all ended up okay. It was fine, but I was being very yang as I, you know, giving, you know, and they were very yin, and I expected them to be yin and not get any pushback.

And if I did get any pushback, it was a very yin push. They couldn't be specific because the specifics I give are undeniable. You see how it works? Yeah, okay.

So, it's back and forth. So, you can actually use the yin and yang when you interact with people over a meeting, you know, over... It was a conference call over the phone, partly other parts of the world, and yeah. And I know how it's going to go because I, you know, I see the question is yin, you know, and it was very, very yin questions, you know, right? The questions were very unspecific.

So the only... I said, let me fire back with a very hard specific, right? The opposite and see what happens, and it, yeah, pretty interesting. So, you know, you could say four or five people got educated today, and the whole time I'm analyzing what, you know, what's going on back and forth, and it stayed in harmony for four hours. It was supposed to be a half-hour call.

That happens to me all the time. But you have to be conscious of what's going on, and you have to control. How many times have you heard me said, if you go into a situation with other people and you don't take control, that situation right there is out of control.

Because, right? I'm not saying some people could interpret that as like you're a control freak, dude, right? No, not at all. You're just making the best of what's going on is the point, right? Okay. Well, what happens when it does get chaotic, though, and people are speaking at a turn? I mean, would you consider that as a situation like that, either yin or yang? It depends if it's specific chaos or just general chaos.

General chaos would be a public show or a wrestling match or a concert, and someone throws a chair. And then suddenly, within 10 seconds, there's another brawl here. It's very unspecific, right? A specific chaos would be someone says something, and the whole crowd answers against them specifically, right? So there's different ways to look at it, yeah.

So general, okay, here's it. When you have that general, someone throws a chair, and then before you know it, the entire audience is in brawls, right? The only thing you could do there is let it peter out on its own, right? Because it's too unspecific. Or you come in very specifically with just one thing, tear gas, one thing, a loud horn, right? Something very separate, you know, the boys in blue or something.

You have to be very, there's no multiple ways. When you have general chaos, you have to come in with one hard insertion. Sort of like, I hate to do this because it's like, you know, school teachers, right? They come into a room and there's a lot of conversations going on.

There's noise, et cetera. In my school, a lot of them used to take a book and slam it on the desk and create. That's right.

That's right. You have to, we normally do these principles anyway. We don't think of them as such, but think of the advantage you have is if you start breaking things down, universal principle, you get to it much faster, much quicker.

Now, things that people usually do is because they've heard about it or they did it repetitively and it worked, but they didn't never approached these things with a methodology on universal principle. You see? So you have a major advantage that way. Right? Right.

Right. Okay. That makes sense.

That makes a lot of sense. Now, the one of the yin and yang questions that came in, actually, I found it, I didn't have it when we first went live here, but, um, is, uh, you have various states that water can end up in, uh, and obviously a young state for water would be ice, uh, but a yin state would be steam. Now, if water is simply at room temperature, hold on ice, when it goes young hard, it also exhibits yin, which is expansion and, and water vapor, regardless of temperature is young because it's small.

Like the most young element is hydrogen, not has nothing to do with H2O. By the way, I recently posted, oh yeah, that was water is water is not H2O and the AI agreed pretty much. Yeah.

And when I had been saying that I'm the only person that I've ever heard say that and for 20 years now, but at least the, you know, AI knows. Yeah. Uh, yeah.

How did you discover that? How did you actually discover that though? Because you know, to me by reading, just by reading their stuff, yeah. The initial, I discovered, well, how do they figure out water is H2O? And I read the original experiment 300 years ago, it has to do with metal plates and ionization and breaking it into a gas. And in three days they decided because it separates into hydrogen and oxygen gas, water is made up of those two gases, rubbish because you can't take any given volume of water and reduce it completely to hydrogen and oxygen just can't do it.

So also for people that are listening live, I can see you in the chat room and all that by all means. Uh, if you have a question or a comment, yeah, absolutely. Feel free to type it in.

Uh, you know, I, I see, uh, have you noticed a TX, a two nine, you know, and a Vandy Vandy man's land. Okay. Uh, I see those names specifically and a few ainons, but ainons can type in the chat room as well.

It doesn't wait. I was just, you know what? I might have to change a setting. I might've actually shut off the ainons.

Let me fix that. Uh, I forgot about my chat settings, you know, cause we have a chat room for Ocelli in the Greek and uh, no end ons on that. Yeah.

Yeah. Well, because it kind of gets bombed. I think it's a bot doing it or it doesn't matter.

It's been very civil. The atmosphere around the stuff that I do has been very civil. Um, and when people get uncivil or whatever, they just need a little bit of schooling or what they call a touch up, a little touch up.

Right. Right. Okay.

So we do have a text question by the way, and it is, let's see, let me lean over here so I can make sure I get it right. Uh, swelling in the left knee. Is that a young condition? I know below the waist is young, but in an expansive condition, what's going on there? It's a, it's blocking a moment.

Yeah. Well, it's, it's a yin. It's okay.

What's happening. It's young going. The left side of the energy goes out of the body, goes downward.

So something is swollen to slow down because there's too much young flowing through there to slow it. Remember, these are roadblocks. Whenever you have a physical manifestation in the body, it's no different than a physical manifestation known as a roadblock, right? Whether it's a speed bump, you have speed bumps, barricades, right? You don't want the, what is it called? The chain with the spikes.

You don't want that one, but essentially that's an analogy. So what it's doing there is the increasing mass. It's becoming more yin because there's a lot of young going down there.

So the increasing, because there's more young traveling down that side than the other side, because that's the side that things go downward. The initial balancing is to expand the area, which is yin, which is right. And then the, the other thing is because it's leaving the body, it has to leave at a certain rate.

It's either leaving too fast or too slow. And if you have swelling and it's not due to a very hard action, like, you know, jumping off, you know, hurting the knee and it's just manifesting on its own, it's, uh, the young is in the protective side of the body. The young is trying to leave the body quicker than it should.

So one way to fix that is by becoming more yin by sleeping more. That's why I'm a big proponent of sleep therapy for many things, right? Well, quite often when you feel a little off, actually, I think you tell me I'm going to like take a nap. Kind of.

That's one of your practices for sort of resetting, right? It can be. Yeah. Yeah.

I'm big on it. Yeah. Anything.

Even from a two. Yeah. Whatever.

Just sleep therapy. It doesn't have to be adding hours to the amount that you sleep during the night. It would be like maybe every three or four hours, take a one hour nap and that would be more therapeutic than resting for 20 or 30 minutes.

We actually fall asleep. Yeah. But if you, I found that if you try to schedule it, you say, okay, it's two o'clock time to do some sleep therapy.

You'll be sitting there staring at the ceiling for an hour. Yeah. I noticed that when I decide there's a hard time to go to sleep, it's always right.

Yeah. Yeah. What would you say? That's the, you're telling the body to be yin.

It's like, no, let's balance that off by being young and focused. It's kind of like the same thing when you say, I'm going to fast on Monday, Monday comes around and you are so hungry, right? Not on that day that you scheduled for fasting than you normally would be. It's really odd how that works.

So we're distracting yourself when you're waiting for a pot to boil kind of thing. It seems to go quicker because you're now, it's, it's the emo kicking in. It's emo.

Okay. And yin and yang and emo are related. Oh, there's another piece to that question.

Sorry. I just rolled on it. They ask about fire because a fire has different effects on different materials and it in and of itself is a yin reaction, right? That's what they're asking.

But sometimes it creates a young reaction and other times it creates a yin reaction. It seems like something turns to, I'm just, yeah, it's flip flips, right? It's like the checkerboard pattern. So imagine the checkerboard pattern, each adjacent to whether you're looking at a black square or, or a white square, you know, a red or black or whatever.

There's another opposite color adjacent to it, but in a different direction. Hmm. See, I'm thinking of those, you know, remember those old desks, stupid things with the, you know, the metal balls that bang back and forth.

Yeah. The momentum can sell conservation, Newtonian, the thing about that is the fact that it goes one way and hits and goes the other way. It's like a practical demonstration of union because, because it went that way, it's got to go and then come back.

Yeah. Yeah. And what's cool about those, I like the ones that have five or 10 balls there and it's only the ones on the outside that are moving, right? Yeah.

That's a, that's an energy. You have to ponder these things and it requires very fast thinking and analysis. So people that are good at doing math in their head will be able to do this very quickly.

By the way. Um, and if you can do, by the way, I've mentioned people that are good at math are also good at language because math is a form of communication back and forth. And people who are not good at language are not good at math.

Typically. I'm not saying always, but very general. Like if you know someone who's not good at math, ask them how many languages they know and they'll say no.

Only English. I don't, I'm not good at languages. They'll volunteer the information for you.

Oh yeah. We went over that before though. That's a reaction based on something they'd seen in the past though.

But it's, it's more of an attribute. If you're not good at math, you're probably not good at other languages learning. Like I, I am proficient in three or four languages and can say hello, goodbye and thank you.

And maybe 20 languages because I, I see it as being a form of communication. And one of the problems we have, uh, well, it's a systemic problem for forever. It's been recorded history is, um, lack of communication or effective communication.

You know, it's actually used against, uh, whoever it can be used against, you know, look at the, we've been talking a lot about the financial stuff lately, right? And that's about communication. Um, that was today I had a conversation about someone and they, and they said, uh, I want to get rid of my mortgage. I said, no, I can't get rid of a mortgage.

You shouldn't. Well, I want to, or I want to get rid of a hospital. I heard, you know how to get rid of hospital bills.

Why? Why do you want to get rid of it? Well, it can be monetized. So why not do that and turn it into something else? The proper answer would be, don't you want to be fair and equitable to want you to go approach them. They tell you, you can change the contract with a hospital.

It's very simple. They send you a bill. You say, I just want to be fair here.

You guys are an institution that offers services that requires compensation or you ask for compensation and you'd like to receive it, right? No. Yes, yes. That's right.

Well, here I've given you a social security number and I know, I know you have, you could look up their trustee, you have a so-and-so financial and they've already accessed it through this act, this act, this act, which you swear to uphold. So you've been compensated. So now you want to be compensated twice.

What does it say? If it's set in the contract, you have to pay us twice. You have to pay it twice. It doesn't say anywhere.

You have to pay it twice. It doesn't. But there's a spiritual element to honoring contracts as well.

That's right. So you just want to be honorable because yeah, and usually they, they either call security on you, which I've had done and here they come. You always know when security is coming.

It's all you to sit down and the person you're speaking to is all the way. These hallways are very long. You look all the way down.

Why are they talking to these two security guards and he's on the radio and he's getting a third and they're walking faster as they're getting towards me. I think I should get up and maybe walk out for you. I always find that interesting.

Actually, I've observed many times that people really just stay there in place and wait for security to show up. And I often wonder, you know, you could have easily escaped. Why? Yeah, because they're not going to get in the car and chase you like the popo.

Well, they're not going to go that far. You know, I mean, you get off, you get off hospital property. Now it's a liability elsewhere, isn't it? Oh yeah.

They will. If they see you're at the door, they'll just, they'll, they'll go outside and stand there and look, stare you down. You just, you just step over the property line, you know, and stand there too, you know, because right.

Like a little child, put your foot over the property line and see him take a step forward and take a step back. They stop. Right.

I was just going to say, it's like shoplifting. You know, once you get out of the parking lot, it's over, you know, it can't be. Yeah.

But yeah. So call it shoplifting and not stealing. So yeah.

The same thing with a mortgage. It tells you you can amend the contract. Go ahead and amend it.

Take away their power to sell your property. Remind them that it was, you, it says in every mortgage says that you hold the property fee simple. Most people don't know what that means.

Fee simple means you own it and you get, you put it in there and your trust store, you're the grantor and you're firing them as trustee cause you don't like why, you know, the job they're doing. Right. They're appointing another trust.

And, uh, by the way, um, the most taking away your security interest and I'd like to take part in any kind of securities tradings if you sold it more than once and, uh, you sworn and I know your trustee and all this and the sec is, uh, very, it's got, they're overstaffed with people that are underworked, uh, you know, sec, uh, FINRA and these other regulatory authorities, they have offices with 30 or 40 people that are doing nothing. They're watching porn and playing video games all day. Those are the, those are the ones that are hired to do consumer affairs and none, none of the consumers are calling.

The consumers go to attorneys or they try to argue it themselves. You call the sec on one of these companies, they'll put you on speakerphone and like they'll tell you and put you on speakerphone cause there's like four or five agents that have nothing to do and they all want to be part here. What you got, what you have to say and they're on your side.

Yeah. It's crazy. It's crazy.

I think they do that during the time they're, they're giving you the, uh, the spiel about, you know, this may be recorded for whatever purposes, you know, training purposes. No, it's different. It's very different.

Believe it or not. It's very humane. I should say.

So, uh, yeah, it's quite interesting. Um, by the way, I had this four hour conversation today. It's a conference call actually with water engineers and investors and it basically gave them the thing that, you know, this world is, if you've been here for more than 30 days on this planet and don't know these things, you're kind of in trouble and it's a, and the world is populated by idiots and morons, you know, very few exceptions.

And they took that very well. They said, we'll keep you away from the idiots. It was one of their responses, you know, but not the morons.

Wait a minute. Yeah. Right.

Yeah. What happened? Yeah. So I, you know, you're the way I'm here.

I'm, I'm, I'm, I speak, you know, this is, this is who, you know, this is how I am. So and, um, and it's for the people's around me benefit cause they're not going to hear it from anyone else at all. But all right.

So I got another question, um, which, uh, I, I just found, uh, just now actually, and I missed it last week, I guess. Um, could Greek talk about the cult and in parentheses prank that we are all born with gifts in quotes and are psychic and can develop it. Uh, the inner knowing we think we have is, uh, that our spirit or question mark, uh, is emo work at all? Like psychic development, uh, okay.

So it is, it's all the same. Don't separate it. If it's nonphysical, completely nonphysical, it's psychic, spiritual emo.

The emo is the part that you sense with the body. As your emotions change, there is a physical reaction in the body, right? You know, I don't know all the things, you know, when you're happy, it's endorphins. When you're sad, it's a whatever.

Yeah. And there's a bunch of reactions that occur that are measurable and that's what they base. It's not reliable necessarily, but the lie detector tests, right? The, uh, the polygamy galvanic, you know, um, you know, on the surface of the skin, the electrical charge changes slightly.

So, but the, the, there's chemicals there. So when I started pondering this decades ago, that chemicals are released with emotions, well, aren't chemicals material. So that means that we can manipulate material around us with our emotions.

You know, here comes, um, the Jedi, right? Or these PK people, you know, you hear, of course that they, that's all emo work. When you see PK psychokinesis, right? That's all emo. That's not, um, a separate thing from emo or spirit or psychic.

It's all the same. It's the mental energy, let's just say, and the potential of the mental, because when it's energy, it's no longer potential to affect the physical world. And your first proof when you're trying to develop this is notice how you change physical attributes in your body, the way your body feels chemically and looks.

Uh, and the reverse is true when someone is sad or depressed and you don't know why for specific reason. And if you know the specific reason, address it. But if you don't, I usually tell them, look at the ceiling and smile, force a smile and do that for about 30 seconds, which is a long time, which changes the posture and all that.

And it will change the way the chemicals in your body, just cracking a smile or, you know, gesturing a smile, looking up and you in every, you know, every time it works. So that's how the physical comes back on the emo. And that's also true.

Like if anyone's ever taken ecstasy, it's a chemical changes your emo, uh, quite favorably. Usually everything is so much more interesting and everyone is so beautiful in their own way. All of a sudden you feel the air much more, uh, acutely on your skin and you, you feel tempers.

And that's, that's pure, but not that air is so physical. I mean, what it'll do is we'll change the emo, uh, you know, drugs, drugs, do the physical side of the emotional side so that you can changing the physical will change the emotion and vice versa. But the, the emo precursor, the psychic spiritual emo precursor is far more powerful than the using the material to change the emo.

Right. And, but then that's how we're misled and misdirected. Again, when you look at the current science, it's, if it's, there's no material.

And if you read the current science, you know, they have to have some kind of material evidence. They tell you if it's, if there's no material involved, we're not interested. That's why they talk about electrons and protons and all these bogus things, you know, uh, and light as a photon.

So, um, they're directing everyone towards materialism and it should be directed the opposite way. And those that know that are going to be much more advanced. And this, this ties into like finance again, because you know, the crypto craze, oh, you better get crypto before they go digital.

Cause if they go digital, you don't have crypto, you'll be Paul. Right. They don't understand that, that, um, the real finance will always be wet ink on paper.

Always, always. It'll never go completely digital for the poor people. Those that are losing, uh, there's a bunch of what some person commented.

I think it was on the archaic thing about, you know, your bills are actually checks to you. It says, no one, unless you're 80 years old, everyone's doing electronic payment now or whatever. Right.

Now I'm not interested in that. So that is an example of a totally slave circuited person. Yeah, they're done.

They're finished. Uh, they, they don't know what they're giving up. So in other words, they're putting out that's perfect slave where you could be like mining diamonds and you create, you, you find $100,000 worth of diamonds a day and you only get a piece of bread and, and your shoes and have caught regardless of how many, right.

That's the kind of people that you have. Those are the people that are interested in crypto. Those are the people that, um, uh, are afraid of the digital currency.

What they don't know is the secret. Nothing will ever go purely digital. The people going and signing stuff on pads all the time at the bank or that those are people are slave circuited.

They're done. They're finished. They're locked into brave new world status.

You know, um, they don't understand and they never will get it. That paper, wet ink signature, wet ink on paper will never go away. Uh, now for the majority it will, but if you demand to know how to operate, it doesn't matter if we had a hundred years or a thousand years left or 10 years, it'll always be wet income paper.

You know what I mean? Wet ink stuff, right? Yeah, exactly. On, on. Yeah.

So that's, let me just put that out because a lot of people think I do a lot of doom and gloom, but actually if you listen to what I'm saying, I put out a lot of positive, very forwardly, positive thinking things. They may not be positive in mind, but you know, well you can't say you can't change the nature of the way this place is set up. You didn't set it up.

That's right. I didn't. Yeah.

You have to just know how it works. And then you ain't, no one's going to change it because that's too much momentum. But what I'm saying though is that the wet ink transactions will never go away and that if you focus on that and stay with that and learn how to work it, you'll see what I'm talking about.

Those around you that go all digital are completely slave circuited, very hopeless. They're stuck in that system. They don't have to be, but if you do enough of it, you will be.

So be careful. Yeah. Now my whole life that I've been alive, I mean, you absolutely always have to, if anything is really significant, you have to put a pen to paper, uh, even, even though, yeah, absolutely.

But, but in the sense that, that, that system going, that convention going away, just like the banking conventions have changed the electronics, the real, um, you managing what your potential is will always be on paper and ink always, um, the electronic part, it works because of several things. One is they want the speed of electronic stuff, right? They want to be able to take your signature off of a pad and put it on other things that you don't even know exist. Right.

So, uh, they can also do that when you do the paper, uh, stuff also, but what you're more minded, you're minded in a different way when you're doing stuff on paper and you keep checking on things differently than people who just do things electronically. Now, also the electronic part, um, works for the banks and whatever group you're working with because they can easily say, we lost it electronically. We got hacked.

Right. Right. Uh, and also it gets them out of a lot of the securities protocols where they have to send copies and things cause it's electronic.

It gets them out of like showing, evidencing fraudulent activity because if you copied someone's signature electronically and put it on other electronic documents, it seems less severe than if you actually wrote it out on a piece of paper, you know, 10 times on 10 pieces of paper and sent them out. You know, the one that has the hard copy will get you indicted much faster than the one that's electronic. Right.

Right. Right. So it's to get them themselves out of that position.

It gives them plausible deniability. Exactly. Very much so.

Yeah. Yeah. And so we can't access those records right now.

Right. Cause it's not, they're not physical. Right.

So. Right. And that's always a good excuse to, you know, suddenly the computers go down, you know, stuff like that.

Yeah. All that stuff. Yeah.

Okay. So a couple of comments in the chat room. I don't know if you're watching, but I just wanted to bring them up as they go.

And you know, God, by the way, guys, feel free to add more. I had the branch manager at the bank called the police because I asked for a complete record of all transactions on a loan account to prove that I owed them anything. No, no, no, no.

But go ahead. Yeah. And then there's one more.

I had words with the security thugs, but I left before the popo arrived. Yeah. You.

Okay. When you got a loan and all that, all the performance that you people are, they, that structured that contract was structured in a way that whether, you know, they didn't lend you anything or you did, you have to perform according to how they tell you to TV. The TV tells you to perform.

You have to make all your payments to them and they loaned you because right. That's what the contract says. The actual thing to do is if you read the contract, you could have given them a letter that you are taking full security interest away.

And since they have your security, you want to take control of it. Right. Right.

Because it's done already. You're pointing. Here's the other thing.

You never gave. I'm sorry. Yeah.

You never gave them anything of values. This is what people mistake also. And I'll be getting into this more.

When you sign a promissory note, it's a pay to bear type thing and they have to keep selling it. So when they have it, the bank or whatever, and it's open, it's very little value to them. They have to keep selling it over and over to get a value out of it.

But when you sign it, if you actually gave it value conditionally by saying pay to the order of Wells Fargo Bank where the signature line was. Now you're giving them value. Now you're telling specifically where to put it in their account and they can hold it in their account as an asset.

They don't have to keep selling it. You see the difference? And that makes it that makes you puts you in a stronger position. Right.

And very often they'll say, what are you writing? You know, I say, well, this is just how I signed my, you know, legally legal documents, you know, this is more voiding it out. Right. You write.

No, you're not voiding. You're you actually want to give them value. Yeah.

There's a whole process on this. If you're going to get a loan to use. In other words, 12 USC, 1431 powers and duties of the bank talks about the powers and duties of the bank is basically to borrow money and pay interest and also run debentures.

Debentures are unsecured credit notes. Right. Which is which is a short way to describe what cash money is.

It's a debenture. Right. But so they're the borrower, according to law.

But they made you in that contract. They made you the borrower. It's different than it depends on who you're dealing with.

If you're going to a bank or a car dealership, when you go to a car dealership or more, you're cosigned. The dealership is getting the loan for you from their financial company and you're cosigning for the dealer. Right.

Right. So each thing is different. Credit cards are different.

Credit card. You're an investor in their financial company, not not the retail company, the one that has, you know, the name on it, but their financial company. You're an investor.

It's not Discover Bank. It's whatever bank and trust their trustee. Yeah.

They might have Discover Bank Trust and then it'll be Bank of Mellon. There you go. New York.

OK, that's the ones that you're investing through the second company that goes through the Bank of Mellon. You see. So I'm going to do a thing on this because there's a lot of people out there talking about.

But you get little snippets and pieces. What I'm going to do. I like doing Venn diagrams and flow charts.

Right. Because, you know, it's easier to remember what a flow chart looks like than a bunch of bullet points. Right.

So I'm going to do a bunch of a flow. And what's cool about flow charts, you can have one bubble next to another and then you have arrows going both ways. Right.

With another flow chart. You see. So that's how it works.

So they now I didn't think the person who got chased out by the police did anything wrong. I just think he wasn't speaking to the right person on their side, because remember, people that work in banks or financial institutions, they don't know any of this, because do you think they'll be sitting there for 20 or 30 dollars an hour if they knew how to do this? No, they're given. That's why they're given a procedure to deal with.

If something comes up, you just automatically press this button or you call this number or. Yeah. No, they're just workers and they're slave circuited.

Now, it's the word of the night. Slave circuit. It's a short circuit.

You know, short circuiting is, you know. Solid band name, too. Yeah.

Slave circuit. I remember years ago having these lunch breakfast club type stuff. We'd meet for breakfast.

It was a bank manager there from one of the banks. I don't know if it was Citicorp or something. And he was so interested in the financial stuff.

And it's like I did. He was the most interested. And I said, what do you do? He says, oh, I'm a bank assistant manager.

I'm like, oh, shit. Why don't you say so? You know. Well, he got fired.

He would go there and start asking questions. And they came to his desk asking him, do you like your job here? Do you like your job here? He said, yeah. And then they just walk out.

They didn't tell him, if you like your job, you better stop asking questions. Then he got fired from working in the bank, right? Just like if you know, if anyone that works in the government, we used to have someone in the chat says, well, my sister works in the State Department. It means she knows nothing about government at all.

Right. If she works at the State Department. My brother works at the IRS.

It means he knows nothing about the IRS or taxes. There's no way they'll hire you if you know anything about what's going on there. Now, there are, for example, with the mob, you do have to know what's going on.

Yes, you do. There are a lot better. I'm telling you.

How many times you hear me? The mob is way better than any government. Right. One of these banks are way better.

This is one of our mutual agreements. And I always say this, you know, they're pretty direct, except occasionally they come to you and say, you know, you have a lovely family, you know, you know, stuff like that. You know, you got to watch that.

That's a little more subtle. But I don't know if you guys remember the story. I opened a bike shop and I asked the previous tenants, I'm going to bridge it, make it real short here.

What's your garbage? I know we have a retail. You don't rely on municipal garbage pickup. You have to pay for your own garbage.

Right. Right. So I said, what do I what should I expect to pay here? This is about 150 a month.

I could do that. I figured you guys were a hair salon and I'm a bike shop. I'm probably probably be double that tops, you know, because sometimes they go by quantity.

Right. Restaurant would be more. Right.

You get a shipment. Maybe you got a lot of packing materials. Yeah, exactly.

I figured between 150 and 300 would be fair. So the guy comes in real tall through the long leather coat and he just marches through the store and he goes, I'm your garbage guy. It's going to be 750 a month.

And I'm like, oh, really? What am I going to do now? Right. It was like Cavuto, you know, whatever. Dino's specialized.

Dino Cavuto refuse service. Dino's. Really.

Dino's environmental. Yeah. Dino's environmental cleanup.

You know, really, really typical, you know, slime bag, mob type, you know, whatever. Right. And low, low level foot soldier.

And I'm like, what am I going to do? So I know that the assemblymen in Brooklyn, they have assemblymen, councilmen. Right. That are below the congressman.

They do the districts and the war, you know, whatever they call them. Burroughs district. You got your mayor assembly.

Presidents. Then you got the guys under him. Assemblyman.

Councilman. There you go. And one of the guys was I remember he came in and says, listen.

No, actually, I went to his office. It wasn't too far away. His name was very similar to the garbage company's name.

And I said, listen, this is what's going on. Everyone here pays this. And I'm a new business.

And I said, you know, they told me 750. How am I supposed to manage that as a new shop owner? Right. And he says, what are you doing? What are you doing there? And so the councilman said, well, it's a bike shop.

He says, listen, I got I like to rub my bike. I haven't ridden it many years. I got one for my wife and my children.

I'm going to bring these bikes to you. I want you to tune them up. Fix them up.

Give them back to me. I'll take care of it. So about two days later, the same guy with the long leather coat comes is OK.

All right. It's 150. All right.

It'll be 150 a month for you. And he walks right back out and I cut him a check or something. They're on the spot.

Right. Now, did he say anything like do me a favor? Don't go to the councilman again. No, never.

Nothing like that. But you see how they're all connected. It's all connected.

One big freaking connection. And I was kind of racist in that. Not racist.

How would you say? Because the councilman's name was very similar to the garbage company's name. I said, maybe they're related. They're not the same, you know, but very Italian name.

Very Italian guy. I bet he can do something for me. And he did.

Yeah, that used to happen to me, too, because of the Italian name. And you see somebody else like, you know, I got the L.L.I. at the end. So they see somebody else with an L.L.I. And that's not that uncommon.

And they go, you know, if you look around, Mazzilli, Minnelli, you know, right? So people would convolute it like, oh, you got a name just like his. No, we're not even similar. But, yeah, I got you.

Yeah, but this is, you see, this goes back to why they called the cops at the bank. You have to know the business, how they do business. And I'd like to find out more.

Whoever posed that, was that an email or something? No, that was in the chat. And they did post a little more. I'd like to do an investigation on that more, like what you said, what they said, and, you know, more details.

I'd be glad. You could shoot me an email. You could do it here or whatever.

Well, right here, I got a few lines already. They said they don't keep records for longer than seven years. And when I asked how they prove anything, the cops were called.

That's right. And then he responded to you, like you were saying something. So he said, yes, I didn't know any of that back then, you know, regarding what you were explaining about the bank.

He didn't know all that. He just knew it's challenging, you know. So anything else you want to add? You have to challenge it on paper.

Now, what happens with a lot of bankers, you don't hear about this because the last thing you want is a lot of them are threatened because there's, believe it or not, there are multitudes of people finding out that banks don't lend money. It's actually almost mainstream, just like the recent court case where the man didn't have to honor the mortgage contract because fiat money would never satisfy, right? The court case, right? So this is becoming more mainstream. Even recently, speaking to an engineer, I said, I do stuff about financial awareness and security agreements and things like that.

And he says, like mortgages? I'm like, yeah. He says, you know, I gave him a little bit. And he says, you know, it's funny because my brother said he had his mortgage set off somehow, and now I believe it, you know.

And I was like, you should go talk to your brother. As a matter of fact, have your brother talk to me. I want to see what he did and how he approached it.

He says, all right, I will. Let's go get in touch with, you know, and all that. So in other words, there's so many people finding out.

And what I'm trying to say with the banker, a lot of them are being threatened, and it's not being reported publicly because the last thing you want is to see a trend or a movement. You know, like people say, yeah, go to the bank and threaten them, just like this other guy did in the news last week, you know, or whatever. You know, they want to put the idea in people's, you know, copycats.

No, they want to keep it quiet because somebody says something like, you know, if you see, look, I just showed up at this place and they fed me for free, and you see that in a newspaper, somebody else is going to show up at that place to eat for free, right? Yeah, yeah. So in other words, people are vacuous and they take all their ideas and everything from their environment. We all do.

That's why you have to be very careful. And you said set off, by the way. I think you meant offset, right? That's right, offset.

Or no, set off. I think set off is the proper term. I thought it was offset because they used to do that with taxes where they would say they offset it because they satisfied it before they ever sent you the papers.

That's possible, yeah. I wouldn't stick to that terminology. But basically, you could see what terminology is being used as you follow along each institution.

They have to swear to the SEC that they're going to do these things, and that's what you hold them to. Very simply, if you got a loan last November, right, in their SEC who gives them the permission to trade these securities, they stated and swore to it that within 30 days they discharge and set off or offset, set off all their loans. So that means if you got a loan last November, by the end of December or middle of January, because it could have been the middle of the month or whatever, it's been already zeroed out and cleared out.

They've settled all liability. But they're still sending you for the next three, four years to pay on it. So you contact them and say, hey, do I owe you or are you lying to me that I don't owe you because according to the SEC I don't owe you, so which one are you lying to? Do I need to go to the SEC? That's all you got to do.

They can't prove anything. They already did prove it by signing up to the SEC. That's why it's the same thing that people do when a car drives erratically or is a hit and run.

Did you get the number? Did you get the license number? Why? Because you go to the authorities with the license number, right, and they have all the records supposedly, right? That's what they're supposed to have, yeah. Yeah, and that's what you do with these banks. You find out what their SEC filings contain, and they all contain the same thing, and you hold them to it.

And the SEC is just waiting. The SEC cannot take these people to court. They can't because there's no subject matter for them, right? So, yeah, it's very interesting.

I mean, the FBI cannot just say we're arresting the whole mob without arresting someone from the mob. So it's case by case. It's quite interesting.

The reason I've been leaning on this more is because there was a resurgence of this online, and I said, you know, I've been studying this for 20 years. I personally don't care too much. I just want what I need here.

But I've noticed that people's behavior, attitude about life, or whatever, is based on how much money they have access, or money they can earn or spend. That's really sad, you know? So if this money thing is so important, why don't we start seeing how to put it together, right? And be on the front end. Whenever you're on the front end of something, see, eventually the banking system will be watered down, and there'll be some financial chaos.

But get on the beginning of it, right? Get on the front end of it and do it soon, like now, and like this year, next year, the year after that. Because after that, it's going to be so chaotic that it won't matter. You know, you'll have like the type of inflation that it doesn't matter how much money you have, you know, you're going to have.

So you do these things now to prepare, not in a survivalist kind of way, but in an understanding that the economy is going to, your ability to perform in the economy is going to go to shit, right? Now, I'm not saying buy gold and silver, but it would be good. I think gold is almost 3,000 now. I'm glad I bought it when it was around 400, and so on.

But I don't think that's a major point because, again, that's capital investment. Gold and silver, you can't go and use it down at the stove. You really can't.

But it's capital. So there's many ways to think about it. And as we go down, I say we, whoever we is, have to think about it some more.

But right now, take responsibility of what's out there is the main point. No, absolutely. And, by the way, I looked up Offset, and number one, just a funny thing.

I always find it funny when phrases become the name of a rapper, first of all. So there's a rapper named Offset. And, apparently, the usage of the word currently, according to Miriam Webster, anyway, is to place over or against something.

Yeah, and set off. A set off is when it's no longer on the books as a liability, right, or something owed or something to be given or whatever. So maybe both apply here.

Yeah, the financial stuff, now that I've kind of worked studying it more and more than ever before, I'm beginning to realize how important it is. You get more sensitive. You know when you're studying a subject, you start noticing the subject more around you, right? It's kind of like that.

It's kind of sad because, in other words, the state of affairs that most people are in with their family life and whatever career or life they have, the people around them just can't stomach this kind of information, even in its simplest form, just approaching anyone around you and saying, you know, it's a credit-based economy. And they go, yeah, I know. That means it's not money anymore.

And they're like, oh, what are you talking about? And then you start drifting off. And you're not going to get any support in this at all. So it's really a solo journey, just like these spiritual quests that people go on.

Yeah, it's a spiritual quest. It's no different. Like you can want to do something about your spiritual whatever.

Don't look for support around you. It's a personal thing. You know what I mean? Yeah.

That's why when you do find support, it's invaluable.