Greek, you know, as we speak, I understand, now I can't see it right this second, but I could turn it on if I wanted to. The president is supposed to be telling us how he just bombed stuff, because now the US is involved in the battlely over there between the two IS. Well, anyway, I just figured I'd run that at you because I know I had a couple of reactions and comments about it, so I figured I would just put them all together in one shot for you here and just let you speak to it while it's happening.

It's a conflict, and it's what they do. That's the same reason they have police. For example, police get a quota, right? You've got to go out and write tickets, or otherwise we're going to have to send out the department, whatever they tell them, right? The attorneys, you know, the prosecutors, they have a 99% conviction rate or 95% conviction rate, right? It's all bullshit.

So, it's called industry, so, yeah, there is, like, you know, here's the thing, you know the CIA has an aircraft carrier, right? Most people don't know that. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, they have their own aircraft carrier.

Everybody's got a military of some kind, so if you're going to start a nation, the way you start it is you need a post office first. That's the first thing you need, and then you have to have the ability to wage war. A post office, really? That would be the primary thing? Yeah, exactly.

That's how you set up. It comes from the old Roman convention. When the Roman Empire established that, actually, it was before that.

I know I read this somewhere. You know what? You're reminding me. I read this somewhere, and I can't think of exactly where it was, but it's some sort of set of rules.

Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. To establish a nation, you're not considered a nation.

In other words, you can get a piece of land, and you establish a post office that could receive and send, and the actual office is established. You're ready. You're ready to go.

The political body and the governing body is to ... You've had monarchies turn into parliaments and vice versa. That doesn't matter. What matters is the post office and the ability to wage war or to be an ally in war.

It's a lot more ... That's what people ... Okay. In a lot of countries, like Greece, Israel, and I used to be able to name 30 countries where it's mandatory, especially if you're a male, to be in the army for at least two years. Right.

It's considered a right of passage. Right? Compulsory service. Yeah, yeah.

Mm-hmm. A political right of passage based on time, like decade or whatever, this decade, this who goes to war. It's one of those things, but it's not really a war, even legally.

It's just a police action, just like you have police. Everything the police do is illegal. Everything they do.

Everything. Right. They have to get you to agree to it.

It's just like a Walmart security cop. In other words, police don't have any more authority. They have more ... What do you call it? They can kill you and get away with it, while a Walmart security guard probably won't.

I don't know about that, but- They equally enforce policy. They enforce policies of the property you're on. That's really what it's about.

Right? Well, not even that. I mean, they have no business ... Here's the thing, and there's a revival of the Constitution, which is true. Jonah Bay talked about it, and I've always known this.

Rod Kloss, who I studied with 15 years ago, also talked about it. If you have the rights, you can defend, and you can be belligerent about it. In other words, if the police come to arrest you or even pull you over for a red light, they have to have a warrant.

That warrant has to be accompanied by a signed affidavit, a sworn affidavit. That never happens. Right? Never happens.

But if you stay on that point, the case has to go away. They all know this. I've been at sentencing trials, and I saw these attorneys.

What are you guys doing here? Make sure their constitutional rights are not violated. Because they didn't say anything, those people that are being sentenced don't know their rights, that the whole thing is a sham. They're not being violated.

You get it? No one has a duty to protect your rights other than yourself. That's why they don't teach it. They don't teach anything about the financial.

Heck, they don't even teach anything about what's in the ancient writs in the Bible. They give, for example, these Christians, they give them a few verses, and they do a bullshit Bible study class to give the impression that they're studying it. Right? But you can take any verse out of any book and turn it into a holy book that way.

But here's the thing. War is something that men do. People do.

Men meaning men and women. People. It's not a big deal.

This is more of a quota. It's like, cops are writing a lot of tickets today. Yeah, they were told.

You get it? This is what's going on. I mean, what was Biden blowing up? What was he dropping bombs on? Then Obama was dropping plenty of bombs on Syria and ISIS. Biden didn't actually drop too many bombs.

See, and that's the weird thing, because something I note is that organizationally, in the ether, it seems, there are battles that'll be waged between groups, even if it's not under the banner of money. But hold on. Biden was dropping bombs.

The stimulus checks were financial bombs. I don't know if you remember. I don't know if we were doing this back during COVID time, but I told people consistently if you get a stimulus check, whatever that amount they're giving you, you're going to pay for it ten times over with inflation.

No, you did say that, and that was only because we did it on a show, because you did it on my show one time. A long time ago. Yeah.

Before even the stimulus, when they just started. I said, watch what happens with inflation. You have to be a total idiot not to see that.

So we have to come up with a word that means someone would be below an idiot. I don't know. Anyway, so here's the thing.

So that was the financial. There was a financial bomb he was doing. Yeah.

But but here's the thing. That's why ISIS disappeared, because they were all receiving stimulus checks. Right.

Because they're on the payroll. Right. I'm serious.

They did receive stimulus checks. ISIS fighters. Well, that's also why Antifa.

Remember, Antifa is going to, you know, they're going to the left wingers. They're going to rise up against the country. And they were all over the place.

Oh, my God. They got T-shirts. And it's all fake.

Well, you know, this Trump. What is it? Not a king or no king protest is all fake. Also, it's all planned.

Right. No king's protest. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. No king.

It's all everything. Look, if it's not planned and funded by them, it doesn't make it to the media. Well, that was the thing.

That's what I was trying to say. The reason why there was a legitimate Antifa group that organically grew up at one point, but it wasn't. Yeah.

This thing was people that were paid to show up. And that's why they had uniforms. What do you do when you get a crap job? You get a uniform.

That's the kid at McDonald's. Anyway. I get it.

Antifa was around in the 90s, wasn't it? No, Antifa wasn't really around in the 90s here. Not at all. It was in Europe.

In Europe. Got it. This whole thing that came up just during COVID time around then, you know, during the George Floyd and all that, those people, I said, they're going to disappear.

You know why? They're going to stop paying them. And as soon as they stop paying them, poof, you don't see them anymore, do you? No. It's kind of like, you know, these terror events are all fake, right? And the school shootings and all that, right? It doesn't mean people don't get killed.

But do you remember this happened more than once in a decade? I keep using this example. Blackhawk helicopters at low altitude, two dozen helicopters all over L.A. downtown, low altitude, like almost to top level for two hours buzzing around. And people are calling like, what's going on? What's going on? No answer.

They call Pentagon, the military, the local bases, the police, the governor. No answer. The next day, they don't answer for like 24 hours.

The next day. Oh, yeah, we were doing an exercise. Sure.

Sure. That was a real event. And they were trying to figure out, you know, what to do or suppress it.

Right. A bunch of idiots probably found something, a way, a weakness in the system. They were going to trigger something off or whatever.

And they were able to fight, you know, listen to it and pick up on it. And they sent their helicopters and troops on the ground. Something like that happened here in Tucson.

Also, back in the early 2000s, a whole area was shut down by military. And there was no answer on what was going on. Right.

So it was. But then they call it a drill. Right.

Now, when there's a terrorist event, you always find out that it was. That day was also planned a drill. Always.

Right. Always. Yeah.

So. So. So you'll never.

If there's a real pro. I gave you an example. I think the last sonic.

There were millions of people. I've got hundreds of thousands protesting throughout Europe and wherever. Various things that didn't make it to the mainstream media at all.

At all. Right. Because it was an organic protest.

Right. For various things. I think one of them might have been the cold, the lockdowns that never made it to the media.

It was people with cell phones and social media. And even then they blocked it. So it's all fake.

Get used to it. Actually, I shouldn't say get used to it. You either know it or you don't.

And you ignore it. But here's the thing. More power to it.

Look, you know what I say? If they all want to kill each other, have at it. You know, I don't even want a front row seat. Just just leave me out of it.

Right. If they want world peace, have at it. I still want nothing to do with it.

So I'm not really someone that has any anything in the game or is a dog in the game or whatever. I really don't care if they want to wipe out all of Israel and all over Iran with nukes. It's fine.

Do it. It's not fine. But but here's the thing.

They'll never be a nuclear interchange because they don't work that way. You can drop one nuke and you got to wait about a half an hour to drop the next one. One at a time.

If you can even deliver it, if you can even deliver it. Right. So I've always had a theoretical question about that because they talk about all this, you know, different hardware and everything that has to be in each one of them.

Blah, blah, blah, blah. And I say to myself, you know, once one goes off, doesn't that completely disrupt all? That's right. That's right.

So if you have 10 of them up in the air, only one can go off. All the other ones get zapped. Right.

All of the electronics on the ground to launch the next one gets zapped if it's in the area. So, right. It's like an automatic EMP comes with it.

So boom. Exactly. So it doesn't work.

But people don't have enough sense to think about it. That's why when you tell them 9-11 was a lot of textbook 101 nuclear demolition, they only think like atmospheric mushroom cloud. We didn't see a mushroom cloud.

They don't understand that all the research, well, 90 percent of the nuclear research is underground. See, that's why one of the questions I that was one of the questions I asked stupidly President Reagan when I wrote him a letter when I was 12, which is how I got on a government list in the first place. It was that, you know, just maybe that's why they put me on the list.

Anyway, it's true what the Greeks always said. This is from a subscriber that we must have done something wrong to be here on this planet. Yeshua said, my kingdom is not of this world.

Satan is the guy in this world. OK. You mentioned this the last time.

Yeah, I did. But there was a follow up to it. OK.

OK, go ahead. Does the Greek believe that the descendants of Cain are ruling the earth since Cain was scared that he was going to be the killer? Yeah, but but not just Cain. Cain represents an idea, a collective that you can transfer to different parts of geographic parts and economic and elite levels.

Yeah, yeah, it does. But not solely Cain. Like, for example, if you read the Bible in genealogy, how come it doesn't talk about people that lived on the southern tip of the African continent or the north and most east part of Asia? Why? Like Yahweh doesn't know they exist.

Right. So it has to do. Cain has to do with a very small group of regional area.

Yeah. But not solely because there's people on this side and people on the four winds. You got people ruling the north, people ruling the south, people ruling the west, people ruling the east.

So Cain would be those ruling the east. You still have at least three other groups that are that are not spoken of or mentioned in the Bible. Yeah.

And the Bible is a law form and it has to do with a certain group of people. You. Yeah.

It doesn't have iPhones in there. It doesn't tell you the ruling families. It doesn't tell you this or that.

You know. Yeah. It doesn't tell you about the others, either, because no easy point there is, look, Adam and Eve.

Right. So they have a bunch of kids. Now, their kids wind up marrying people.

Now, unless they married the same children, you know, unless brother and sister started marrying right then and there. Guess what? There are other people around for them to marry. Right.

Sure. But here's the thing. There's a weird tradition growing up with Sephardic Jews that used to vacation a deal.

They were upper crusty. You know, they always had mercy, mercy, you know, fake cat. You know, Cadillac was passed.

It was Mercedes. You know, I worked as a security guard and deal. I know.

Yeah. And the fancy, you know, the cabana deal and all that. And when I found out there was a marriage and I was like, oh, I've known those for quite a few years.

Aren't they cousins? Aren't they cousins? Yeah. Yeah. And I was like, OK, is it incest? Technically, it's it.

It isn't technically, but it's too close for comfort. You know, I would be mixing. Yeah.

But especially when you find out the grandmother married the cousin. And so now you're narrowing. And now it's like really narrow pot.

Might as well be incest. Right. Yeah.

Well, that's right. When your family tree starts twisting around, it's like, you know, one of those things, one of those fake Christmas trees you got to take out of the box and untwist the branches. It's really.

Oh, yeah. So I found out what a lot of these, quote unquote, Jews, especially the Sephardic and the Syrian Jews, they were marrying first cousins. That's what they were doing.

Deal. Mostly Syrian Jews, if I remember right. Yeah.

Syrian Jews. I said Sephardic. I'm sorry.

Yeah. Syrian. Syrian Jews.

Yeah. They were in the textile business. Import, export factories in Asia.

Yeah. Yeah. Lots of money.

Lots of money. Lots of entitlement. I know.

I believe me. I had to try and try and work for them for like pitiful wages per hour. And they want to push you around even though you're trying to protect their stuff.

Anyway. You're a goy. You're a goy.

Yeah, that's right. Oh, yeah. Because I'm a goy and I'm Slav and I'm, you know, less than anyway, cattle, chattel, whatever.

There's a heavenly entity called Yahweh that sits in the council, but is superior to the 70. He's referred to as the ancient of days in Daniel seven, nine. OK.

There's all this stuff here about this period, the council of Yahweh. Ultimately, everything and emirates from the father, though. OK.

I don't know what all of this is, but he's quoting stuff from Enoch and a whole bunch of things. If you want to go through it, it's a patriarchal wing. Right.

We also that we also have the matriarch. I talked about the revived goddess religion for decades. Watch out for that.

Watch out for that. And that still sits there. So there's both.

You know, it's it's like imagine a family with a domineering father. If you go to a Latin family, it's a domineering grandmother. Right.

Yeah. So, yeah, it just happens that particular covenant or group has a dominating father figure. Right.

Look, I want to jump out of the biblical, though, because I'll tell you, it gets my head spinning at this point. Yeah, it's just it's limited. The reason I adhere to it is because I need a law form.

I'm not going I'm not going to the state of or what scientists say. Right. And also it's proven that a lot of this stuff that's considered lawful, clean food and behavior and business in the Bible is universally adapted anyway.

And if you know it, you're going to be ahead of the game. So, for example, if you understand how to do Bible according to the biblical law and you do your business that way, you'll always be well regarded. You know what I mean? There you go.

Because there's no cheating. Right. It doesn't mean be ruthless and whatever or, you know, look out for your own benefit.

But there's no cheating. You're always disclosing what you're going to do. And, you know, always do.

Right. So, you know, the regulations, the 72 hour rule comes from the Bible. And, you know, that's the typical financial thing for contracts.

You can impose that. And the people are surprised when you know that. Well, I learned it from the Bible.

So, yeah. And you'll notice that these things are applied in business. So it seems to be an archetype.

So might as well. There you go. So here's a completely different issue.

And it comes from when we talked about food being shaped like things. I'll be damned if oysters don't remind me of some part of the body. But I can't quite think of what it is.

Well, two oysters next together might look very gynic. Actually, there are gynic flowers. Oysters would be the spleen, maybe.

That's what I was thinking. But then again, what about the liver? The little rock oysters are the liver. Yeah.

I think they're called little rock or baby rock. Yeah, they're very popular at the clam shucking places. But that's what I was thinking where I've seen them.

Yeah, they'll rebuild your liver. Yeah, not directly, but the energy helps. Right? Fair enough.

The energy helps. If you mind that geometric archetype form, if it looks like a part of the body, it will help that part of the body. You're not wrong.

But if you rely solely on that, you may not get the results you're looking for either. It's like a toolbox. The reason it's called a toolbox is because you have multiple tools, right? Right.

And it's something that always needs to be considered. I think there's more to it. This is where we do a sonic just based on input.

Like I've always talked about, the way you start changing your diet is by not switching over cold turkey to something else, but incorporating what you want to switch over to little by little, but also emphasis on your condiments. Because even if you switch your diet to something else, if you have poor choices of condiments, it's not going to be good for you anyway. It's really the condiments.

But is it? No. It's everything. You have to have a good combination.

It's like tuning an engine. You got what's called a fuel-air ratio. It's not just the fuel.

It's the air also, right? And then it's the temperature and the altitude, right? You know, cars don't operate that well at 10,000 feet above sea level, right? And the temperature, the given temperature, the time of year, so to speak. Yeah, exactly. All that stuff.

You know, in Alaska, you know, the cars just won't start because it's too cold, you know, and whatever. So it's a combination. If you look at, for example, like a computer is like the mind and a car engine is like the body.

There's so many variables that need to be considered. It's never one thing. And then when you consider that each individual is slightly different, it would make any medical industry mad to be able to treat anyone.

That's why they've convinced everyone to just take this pill for everyone. It doesn't work. That's why the only medical stuff that works is painkillers, right? And that's what really has anesthesia.

Anesthesia and painkillers is what and hygiene. Of course, having top water and sewer separated is why people have fewer, why we have fewer diseases. Like, for example, when the pandemic broke out, they said, I said, we still have good water.

Our top water is not polluted. Like if I heard the top water was polluted and people were getting diphtheria. Oh, yeah.

Then I would buy the pandemic to a degree. It wouldn't be worldwide. It would be only where the water is.

Source of water is like that. It could be a source of water like New York that feeds 20 million people. Let's say, yeah, buy it, but only in New York.

So that's why it's just counted as bullshit. So the condiment issue is something that I haven't leaned on. And I think I need to.

And it's very simple. Like when you eat, for example, fried food, acid. Like when you eat fish and chips, they have malt vinegar, right? Right.

Or ketchup, which is more of a vinegar flavor or lemon. If you're in a Mediterranean country, you're always putting lemon on everything. Like you put it on rice, put it on your meat, put it on your French fries, right? Now, when you live in a colder climate, they tend to go more fatty food.

You put mayonnaise on everything, right? Like the Netherlands, right? Right. Or whatever. So you have to understand that it's also cross-latitude, you know? Like, for example, I remember in the 70s, remember the Alaskan pipeline? They're trying to recruit workers.

Oh, yeah. Yeah, this chick's dead. I remember I've got a crush on her.

Was it Dawn Delaney? And her dad was going to go up there and I was over her house. And they had a typewritten Xerox copy papers as well. For two weeks before you come up to Alaska, you go out and get yourself a thing of cool whip and put two tablespoons of corn oil in it and eat that in two days, right? Because that's like fat, right? So you adjust to the, you know, like they eat well-fat and sealed fat and they're just fine, right? So when they tell you fat is bad for you, well, it depends on where you live.

They never discern any of that. So you have to discern your food and all that cross-latitude. You have to discern what you're eating with a proper condiment.

Like, for example, eating meat without a condiment can be detrimental. Because you're not really eating, you know, they say we're carnivorous. We're not.

We're not. We're carrion eaters. We don't eat meat the way animals eat meat.

When animals eat meat, they just killed it and they're eating it live. It's just basically was alive five minutes ago. We don't eat.

We are carrion eaters. When you go to the supermarket and they have all the meat wrapped up and it was, it could be up to a month old, frozen or whatever. That is not meat carnivore type diet.

That is a carrion diet. Meaning you're eating roadkill. It's no different, right? So, except it doesn't have the development that roadkill does.

We're not really, we can't say these animals do better because they'll kill something and eat it immediately, most of it. We don't eat that. We don't eat that way.

We are actually a properly slaughtered animal needs to cool down before you dress it and butcher it for quite a while. Sometimes more than a day or at least a day to drain that out and dry. So, that's carrion.

That's not carnivorous. It's different. So, that requires condiments.

And the easiest one is the meat should be salted always. Some kind of salt. That's why even when you go get sushi, it's offered with soy sauce.

It's not whether you like the soy sauce or not. You better eat the soy sauce if you're going to have the sushi, right? Also with some type of mustard or horseradish, right? So, if you're going to have sushi or sashimi and you say you don't want the horseradish or mustard or soy sauce, you better leave it alone. Because it will be not good for you.

Unless you eat just a tiny amount like at a tasting. But I wouldn't have it as a meal without those condiments. I've also mentioned I had gotten a burger from McDonald's without any condiments.

It was inedible. And I said it was completely inedible. And I brought it home and I said, let me do an experiment regarding condiments.

And I put a little bit of ketchup on it. Now, it just tasted like a regular McDonald's burger should taste, right? It was semi-edible or edible like you would remember those who have eaten McDonald's what it tastes like. So, it was a very interesting experiment.

So, I haven't leaned on that. But just one thing, I'm very dismayed on how little information is on the Internet. Bullshit about, you know, we have a little bit of information age and stuff.

I was able to do much better research 30 years ago in good libraries than I can right now on the Internet. Because right now, when you look up the concepts that I'm discovering or discussing, whether it's the universal principle, you know, macrobiotic stuff, nine-star key, a lot of the Asian stuff or traditional Western stuff that's been done away with, you will not find it on the Internet. It's pathetic what you find on the Internet regarding these subjects.

And I'm so glad I picked up on it. And I have to recollect. But fortunately, I had a working knowledge 30 years ago, meaning I was able to apply it and learn by application.

So, I'm like one of the last people left that I don't know anyone else that can do this stuff, not only like develop it. And because someone getting into it now is going to go online and it's going to be rudimentary bullshit. You're not going to really get far with it.

And it's sad. And I have to really think about that or find a source. There has to be some good stuff.

A lot of the Michio Kushi stuff is really good. But also, he's very, very dogmatic. And he did admit that in his last days.

He even said, yeah, go ahead and have ice cream if you want, you know, and pizza and whatever. Give you an example. When Michio, I know someone who knew someone who was hanging out with Michio in the early 70s, Michio Kushi and George Asawa, Herman Aihara.

I don't know if Shizuko was there. But and Michio Kushi says to George Asawa, who was his mentor, we're in New York City. Where are we going to find good miso soup? He says, miso soup in New York City? No, we're going to have hamburgers.

As a matter of fact, he tells Michio Kushi, I want you to go over there to that candy store, buy a candy bar and eat the whole thing right now. You see, so this stuff about I see this dogma you know, like today I was driving around. I was welding today, so I need some stuff.

I had to get some 7014 welding stick because I was doing fine sheet metal attached to metal rods and stuff. So I finally got it anyway. And I saw a lot of advertisements and stuff, billboards about health, health, this healthy food, this healthy, that healthy, that.

Oh, my gosh. The people that are promoting health and healthy don't know anything about it. It's a fad.

They're totally like zero. There's always a health fad. It's just a fad.

It's all fad like even when you go to a quote unquote medical alternative and they say eat healthy and they tell you this, so they know nothing about energies. They know nothing about latitude. They know nothing about condiments.

They know nothing about the effects of foods. They know nothing about diagnosing you properly. They know nothing at all.

It's really sad. But look, this is not to bring anything down anyone listening because it's a testament to how robust the human body is with all the abuse that we're getting. What do you mean Greek? I'm not being abused.

You are. We're totally ignorant about everything. Even though we're in total blindness and complete ignorance about everything, we're still chugging along pretty much okay, which is a testament to how robust we are spiritually, mentally, right, and physically.

We're very robust creatures. We could take a lot of punishment and suffer a lot of ill stuff, meaning suffering means to know you're going to go into something bad. We do that.

Right. And we're still okay. So anyway, I don't want to get on a rant that was slightly ranty.

It's okay. Look, it fits perfectly with this. Does the Greek have any recommendations for mitigating vascular calcification or arthrosclerotic plaque formation? What is the Greek perspective on the role of dietary oxitate? Excuse me.

No. Okay. You don't even have to finish.

Okay. First of all, you're being. What is it? 70% of all diagnoses are fictional or false.

So how do you know you have that? Oh, because I got tested. Prove it. Prove it.

The lab said, fuck the lab. You know how when you work in a blood lab and they have all these machines, do you know that those machines are calibrated by the workers? So you have a tall, skinny guy that does cratum and coffee and smoke cigarettes. He's 6'2", 110, 120 pounds, red hair freckles.

He calibrates it with his blood. Then you've got a 280-pound woman with canary green hair or that's addicted to whatever. And she tests.

She calibrates her machine that she's going to be testing blood with her blood. You get my point? Yep. Have them swear to it that you have that and have them explain to you that they did orthoscopic where you can see it because I think they're lying to you.

I don't trust them. I wouldn't trust them anymore. Forget about throwing.

Well, look, as far as you can throw them, I wouldn't mind throwing them out of a window any day. But they only got mostly one-story buildings here. So here's the thing.

I don't trust anything they say. If there's a way to self-diagnose that condition, I would go with that unless you have a trusted source. Now there is a chance because I know what throwing craps is like dice.

I know. You can go into it. You can see a crap game.

It's exciting. You feel lucky. You go there.

You might do okay. But it's throwing dice, right? Yeah. So you might do all right, right? So you might do okay.

It's just no different than throwing dice right at this point. If you feel lucky or fortunate and you think you got they put you on the right track with that condition or that diagnosis. Okay.

Then what causes that? First of all, low cholesterol and all that. There's no such thing as food with cholesterol. Cholesterol something the body develops when you have a certain blood condition, right? Has to.

Yeah. Yeah. Because this is food is high in cholesterol because it's no such thing.

Right. So you're getting into like the study of lipids now and how the body reacts to that. Now it's very well known fact for documentation since the 1950s that halide groups create calcification on soft tissue including the blood vessels.

Halide groups are anything in the halide group. Look it up. So it would be fluoride, fluorine, bromine, chlorine, right? So chlorinated water, any chlorine.

If you're susceptible to this, any chlorination, even taking a shower will create calcification in the body. Brominated flour. Bromine is used as a bleach.

If you have a swimming pool that has bromine tablets, your skin will ingest that and induce that. Brominated flour. All right.

Look for that. Bromine. Of course fluoride, fluorine.

Doesn't that somehow matter? Chocolate too? Like cheap chocolate or michael? Could have byproducts of halide group elements. Yeah. The halides are very well known.

Even a mainstream idiot doctor knows that the halide. If you bring it up to them, they're like, yeah, I've heard that. You know? Okay.

So the halogen or halide groups. Iodine is a big one. Iodized salt is a big halide, a halogen.

That will create calcification. So look up what the halogen group elements are and see what foods have it and avoid those because you might have hypersensitivity to it. But I would say there's a 20 to 30% chance you have that condition.

Actually, there's a 0% chance you have it if they're lying to you. Right? Then it's just like shooting craps. But when people come to me with diagnoses, I say go back and they find, yeah, I really don't have that.

They actually admit that they do. Especially, you know, the big ones. Diabetes, AIDS, cancers.

All those are pretty much false. Yeah. Let's be fair.

Unless they invented the condition, though. I mean, it is a crapshoot so you could possibly have it. But there's no proof in it in their lab test is what you're saying.

Well, yeah, they want you to get the treatment. Yeah. Yeah.

It's such a joke. Oh, my gosh. What's the latest buzz term about living in a fucked up world is it's a clown world, right? Clown show.

Yeah. Sure. Yeah.

So you basically, if you went to a clown show to get medical advice or a doctor, it's no different. So it's up to you. Gotcha.

Anyway. Has anyone interrogated or synthesized overreaching concepts from the Greek capacitor layering of Wilhelm Reich, low to high principle or of Trevor, J.C. and the block wall idea from Ken Wheeler, particularly in relation to compression, layering and magnetism while applying these principles to the human body? Wow. Yeah.

It's slow. They're all slow except for the block wall. I'm not familiar with Ken.

I've looked at Ken Wheeler, not as much as others. Everybody cover your ears. I really can't stand him, but I like the work that he does.

Yeah. So nothing too adverse. You know, I could put up with him, but I could tolerate because he's imparting a good message.

But I'm not familiar with him doing any work with the block wall. He'll identify the block wall, but he doesn't do any work with it. I was going to say, nobody's got to like you, but they can take your information.

Yeah. I'm the only one. I'm the only one that's working with the block wall.

If I listened to Ken Wheeler about the block wall, I wouldn't do what I'm doing now. It had nothing to do with Ken Wheeler at all. Fair enough.

Okay. So that kind of ends. In other words, everything.

Yeah. Whatever I don't know about magnetism, Ken Wheeler knows, and whatever Ken Wheeler doesn't know about magnetism, I know. Wow.

There you go. So if we put the two of you together, we got it covered. Oh, yeah.

Yeah. You'll be building time machines and spaceships in no time. There you go.

So, Greg, is there anything else on your mind? I'm hearing dogs all over the place. Is there some particular happening? Yeah. I don't know.

People, there's rentals about a block or two away. You know what happens. People move in, and they have dogs, and they move out.

Then you don't have dogs anymore. It's about a block away. Okay.

I live right in the middle of town, right in the center. If you folded the map laterally and then vertically and opened where the two creases intersect, that's exactly where I am. Wow.

Interesting. And they didn't shut that area down. When they did the military thing, huh? No.

It was more over about three miles to the west. Nice. Anyway, anything else on your mind tonight? Not much.

It's getting the sun's going down. Maybe I'll go finish that cupola. C-U-P-O-L-A.

It's like a vent that you put on your roof. If you put windows in it, it's called a widow's watch, right? It's on top of a roof. You climb up.

It's a tower to look out. Right. But this is a venting tower.

It's about, I don't know, two feet by two feet by two. It's almost like a cube shape with a little roof and four vent panels all around. And I'm holding it together to ventilate the attic space because I have two hatches that, incidentally, I left open overnight.

And during the nighttime, there was no heat gain in the house. I was like, wow. So, I'm underventilated in the attic.

So, I need to build a big ass cupola, put it in the middle, you know, where a good breeze can come through, right? You know, we're looking at, you know, like five or six square feet of opening, right, versus these little slots. And then, you know, I'll have a much more comfortable living space. And that's what I'm on the past day or two.

There you go. Besides that food, clothing, shelter, you're still standing by that. Oh, of course.

Of course. Look, if you pursue the best food and clothing and shelter in that order that you could possibly get being in this existence, you're going to find out a lot. I've had someone once say, that sounds really simple.

I said, yeah, it sounds simple but to the wise, it will be like, wow, that's one hell of a pursuit, right? How do I get the best food, the best clothing, and the best shelter? You're going to run into just pretty much everything you could ever run into in this world.