Rated Y, 239, and that's the sonic event. Anyway, Greek, how are you? Yeah, you asked me, got anything or get started. Just a little bit.

A little member is a good fella. When a kid comes in here and insults me, I know you did a little bit. A little bit.

Do you remember at the bar? Well, anyway. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.

I'm not talking about it. So he's like a little bit. I got a little bit.

Talk about this. Get into it if you want. The shine box.

I've been out. Issue. Yeah.

The shine. Go get your fucking shine box. Exactly.

I told that to people. And I was wondering if they saw Goodfellas and half the people that I've told that to did not see Goodfellas. So I had more effect.

Really? And actually, if you saw Goodfellas, it would have even more effect. I would think so. I don't know.

Look, you know what? I remember. Interesting when people get the references and when they don't. Right.

Which, by the way, I want to let you know, so I just want to let you know really quickly, there's a lot of thank yous for apparently they had sort of eureka moments about certain things that we worked toward in the past couple of Sonic. So I just want to let you know. And I was asked specifically to make sure that you were thanked on behalf of a bunch of subscribers, that they had gotten something really interesting out of the past couple.

They didn't describe it to me, but they wanted to know, wanted you to know that they were really felt awakened in the past couple of Sonics. So, you know, take or leave as you wish. Anyways.

Well, like I like I like reciprocation. So I'm into Kratom, Bolly Green. I'm into really good.

I get only organic coffee, organic cigarettes, American spirit. I got about a six to seven hundred dollar a month cigarette Kratom coffee budget. And that's why I'm doing these Sonics.

It doesn't cover that, by the way. So it kind of lets you in on how well we're doing. We're not, you know, rolling in dough here.

But I'd like to cover the the coffee, cigarette, whatever. And I mean, I don't know how much the semi-athletic Latin call girl goes for these days. I hear it's pretty high.

That's another that's another request. So anyway, I haven't been in the market for that in a while. So I don't know.

Yeah. I'm going to bring up just a little bit. Sure.

Hey, listen. I never have. I'll tell you a quick story.

OK. Back. Good.

OK. Well, what I was going to tell you is I say, hey, listen, go ahead. Good.

Shoot. I got you. There's a little delay, I guess.

I'm sorry. Waiting for the resurrection of the dead. That seriously touched my spirit.

That was one of the comments. But I want to get to another interesting thing. Somebody asked about collaboration when it came to teaching young people because they already do that and they would like to do it because you mentioned something about going to the West a bit and possibly getting into that.

Now, they may have the resources to bring you some of those young people. I don't know. But how should they get in touch with you if that sounds? That sounds really weird.

And by the way, just think about that. Bring you some young people. That sounds weird.

I would rephrase that. But that's OK. Fair enough.

Young people mean 70 and younger. OK, let's classify. Sure.

But no, that's fine. Look, I'm pretty good at advertising amongst the those who need to know. Like we've gotten pretty good shows on the show.

Let's see people showing up for the webinars on the weather and whatever else we did. Scalarator word will get out. We're going to have music, food, talk, powwows, stuff like that, because, look, I don't know.

I don't know where young people are getting their information from, but they're getting crap. Where are they going to get it from their parents, their co-workers, their professors? Oh, come on. Give me a break just to show them how to search and see what's right and basically learn how to read.

Yeah. And that's let me just tell you, there's a story. I'll skip the story for another time has to do with call girls.

The other thing I want to mention, I've been out in the world, I'm getting like right now I'm putting the cases together. I mean, it has to look really and feel luxury. That's why when I offer the finished product to someone, tell me how you feel about it.

Then tell me what you think. And right, because it's the feel. So I'm going through all these processes, actually spiritual processes.

You know, when you water clean stuff spiritually, right? So I'm actually everything that I'm doing gets washed several times, even when the interior of the case put together, which leads me to this requires a lot of acquisition of materials and stuff. So I've been going around town, different places, and they know me for coming in there. They're like, oh, this guy's here.

He's got you listen to him. And I'm like, OK. But I hear the response back from people all walks of life.

You know, people say about hope for society, make the world a better place, all that stuff. It's a done deal, folks. Let me just say it.

I can say it in three or four different languages. Let me say it again in English. Where you're going as a society is a done deal.

There's no hope about it. There's no let's change it. Let's make it better.

It's a done deal. It's fucked. You guys, meaning the society at large, is fucked and you don't know it and you don't care.

Right. And you're just going to keep going the way it is. And this has been going on for a long time, but it's a done deal.

I just want to say that. In other words, nobody's changing. Nobody's doing anything.

There's a there are fortunately have been around the exceptions, right? The subs and other people. But at large, you know, like I said, broad sweep through town, various suppliers, various walks of life and even running into, you know, what you call your professionals. It's a done deal.

We're talking dumb as dirt and anything that goes, anything that they put on you, meaning your controllers, you're going to take it standing up, sitting down, however. And there's no going to be very little blowback. The blowback is marginalized very quickly.

What's coming is coming. And as far as I can say, it's well deserved because remember, we live in a voluntary world. So this is not a grim message, but you always got to do what you know needs to be done.

And to finish off with this, what I'm doing is a catch me if you can. He's having lunch with his dad. The two mice fall in a bucket of cream.

One decides to drown and the other one got so was so dominant or so persevering on getting out. He churned that cream into butter and walked right out of the bucket. Right.

Right. So but there's still mice. Right.

And they say it's a rat race. I'm not in a rat race. I'm not a rat.

Right. But anyway, you got to put the work where the work needs to be done. Like Gorgeous said, it's called a lot of people have called it the work.

So I'm going to keep doing the work. And yeah. So anyway, that's cool.

The resurrection of the dead. What was the other thing you said? Well, I had another thing lined up and it is Greek said plants are in a dream state and chickens parentheses animals in an envy state. So does eating animals make you take on those attributes, focusing on plants would lead to more dreamlike existence and possible interacting other dreamlike realities? That's the way they wrote the question.

But I get the point of it. You do, too. I'm sure.

Well, think of it. You know how water takes the shape of its container. These other energies are going to take your shape.

So how compatible are they? You're not going to turn into a plant. You're not going to turn into a chicken. And those attributes, attributes from those various inputs that you have will not change you because we talked about predominant energies, your physical body and the way it functions is a predominant.

It will affect that. Sure. Like, for example, it's very well known that meat eaters and people that are vegetarian have are very different in many cases in their demeanor and their quality of fitness on and on ability to recover.

It's very, very well known. Whether it's discussed or documented is irrelevant. You can experiment on yourself.

But does it mean, you know, if one eats just the carnivore, you know, one of these vegetable, they're going to turn into either one? No. But is there an influence? Yes. Just like drinking really good water versus just straight tap water.

Is there an influence? Yes. Is it subtle? Yes. If you add up enough subtle things, do they become something major? Yes.

Well, for sure. And look, even when people look at things like the consumption of alcohol, right. And somebody who drinks constantly and drinks like, you know, rotgut crap, boy, you can tell that person when they walk in a room versus somebody who actually partakes of, you know, a bit of fine liquor every now and then drinks.

You know what I'm saying? Like, I remember the hanging out with the crowds up on the Upper East Side. They drank the best liquor and they were alcoholic. You couldn't read.

They didn't look like a typically an alcoholic you'd expect to look. Right. Right.

But even the people that decide to consume a little bit, it becomes different. You see, so the pace and the quality, these are two different aspects of what can affect the outcome. And I think food and all of it, it's all relative.

Right. I mean, in this way. Qualitative.

Qualitative. There you go. Quality.

Everything. They don't deal with quality. Everything's quantity.

You know, like when you look at the nutritional information or when they talk about color, there's no such thing as color. It's photons hitting your eye and all this stuff. Yeah.

Yeah. There's a reason for it, though. And we've talked about it.

This is not a good place. Is it a bad place? Well, that's speculative and open for suggestion and subjective. But is it a good place? Absolutely not.

You mean in this entire existence here? It's not good, but it doesn't necessarily mean it's bad. The best you're going to get is not good. You know what I mean? Right.

That's the best this place could be, is not good. And down from not good would be what? Is not good less than fair? Yeah. I'd say so.

Yeah. I would say so. Yeah.

Yeah. So then you go, not good, bad, very bad, nightmarish, hellish. Right.

Those are the levels that you exist in here. Right. And then some of the things that we're dealing with, right, I mean, like I was reading this whole study on how like, you know, if a man has like more testosterone in his system, he's more likely to select red things, you know, stuff like that.

And I'm going, does that apply to food? And yeah, it does. And that's why they put red food coloring in a lot of things. And I'm looking at it going, oh, well, that's just brutally obvious.

But yeah. But, you know, but at the same time, red is a dangerous thing, because in nature, things that have red on them usually are problematic for us. You know, walking upright, you know, can be cultural also.

Like we look at red as alert and green is as go and in Asia, it's the opposite. Green is alert and red is go. Doesn't mean the traffic, you know, they have all adopted similar, you know, no matter where you go in the world, a red octagon, all right, red octagon means stop, regardless of what language.

Right. So there's universal, I call it image training. That's why I like the doctor who so much with the psychic papers, you know, is if someone walks up to you, commands you and flips open a wallet and closes it, you see a shiny piece of metal in there, you intuitively based on all the cultures in the world, stop and obey them.

You know, so you can literally mess around with people who just get a badge on a wall, flip it open, flip it closed. Right. And they say, oh, he's an authority.

Right. I've seen people get away with that with the appeal to authority, which is based on a flip of just a piece of metal, you know, in a wallet. And it's not even in particular in its like aspects.

It just generally resembles a badge. Therefore, they begin to submit. I mean, yeah.

And back back east, like Brooklyn, Bronx, New Haven, Connecticut, was it Oceanside, New Jersey? Is there an ocean side? There is. I think so. Or.

Yeah. OK. These are places where I know not firsthand, but pretty close people that work like civil service jobs, bus drivers, whatever.

And they were bored. So they went out and bought a Crown Vic black with one of those lights that the police have searchlight on it, the wheels that make it look like police tires and blue. And just for shits and giggles, like they say, they would pull over people with flashing lights and impersonate a detective and people would follow through and they would just do that for their own thrill.

The reason I mentioned those places is because I know people who were doing that in those areas that got caught for impersonating an officer, you know, right. So because they got a high, they got, you know, for domination or whatever. So yeah.

Yeah. By the way, for in terms of domination, actually, I won't mention a name. I think I told the story once the psychiatrist and the psychologist that I've known, I've dated them.

And I think I mentioned they're they're the nuttiest people, by the way, and I've dealt with one recently. I actually canceled a scalerator. I refused to sell to them because they're too crazy.

They're actually a famous YouTuber. You could piece that together. But one of them, I remember with one and actually two separate ones kept coming, says, we have a problem at the university, City University of New York, right at the psychology department.

All the women used to notice that when they came back, if their locker changed their shoes, there was this gooey, sticky substance in their shoes. And but that's not the end of it. We found out that they put a camera in there.

And one of the other psychology professors was ejaculating in women's shoes and they busted him. Right. Yeah.

The other one who was a psychiatrist with the drugs, we went out for a nice dinner movie kind of thing. And she ordered the cab to go down to the meat district, a lower west side. And there's a building kind of funked up, funky black steel door.

And you walk in, there's a smell like a lot of strong body odors. It was an S&M club and you could see people's leathered up, whatever, going from room to room. And it was like a club that had the red velvet and all that.

And I'm like, what are we doing here? She goes, you'll find out. And I said, I'm going to the bathroom. And I went around and left and never, never made contact with her again.

She was into S&M, right? Yeah. So what I'm trying to say is these people, the shoemakers' children have no shoes is right on. But not with, here's the thing, not with the shoemakers.

I bet all the shoemakers' children have great shoes. But with the lawyers, they're screwed up illegally. The doctors are screwed up with fitness, health and all that.

With very little exception, the psychologists are all crazy. So it depends on what level, right? Again, are there any of those professions that I mentioned good? Absolutely not. Are they bad? Take it.

It's up to you to decide how bad you want to take it. But anyway, let's go back to the thing about the, I mentioned the Doctor Who. These are all authorities.

I'm not anti-authority. It's just that we've been hijacked, right? And it's the norm. But the Doctor Who, the psychological papers or psychic papers was just a blank piece of paper and whoever he flashed it to, anywhere they were from, they saw it as an authority figure, right? So once you understand that, you can follow suit with whatever you're doing.

I mean, that's what, how many times have you heard of a story of an old man that looks semi-homeless going to a high-end jewelry store, orders up a $50,000 necklace, he's got cash in a brown paper bag, and they're all making fun of him, even with the cash. Then the next day he comes back in a $3,000 suit out of a Rolls Royce, and he tells the people, hey, that was me yesterday, I just, I'll keep buying jewelry from you as long as you promise me you treat everyone with equal dignity, right? Those kinds of tests. So there's no reason for that.

But that doesn't, I mean, where's the standard, right? I know you don't watch video shorts much, but there's a modern version of it now where a guy goes around and acts like he's deaf and signals, I need something to eat, can I have some money, and the people that are mean to him and mock him and swing their hands at him and stuff like that, he walks away, and he goes over to somebody else, and the person that gives him the money, he takes it, he starts to walk away, he turns back, and then hands him back the money, and then hands him a pile of money. And this is like- Right, as a reward. Yeah, it's a common short.

And then the other person that just waved him off is usually close by, and they're like, oh, can I have some? And he's like, yeah, no. Yeah, yeah, it's like a public demonstration. Right, right.

It's actually a very popular YouTube short now, or whatever, TikTok, whatever the video shorts are, it's all over the place now. Yeah. Well, this is very Daoist also.

In other words, when you have irony like that, it's very much in the Daoist economy. When you read Daoist stuff, there's a lot of irony in there. No, and Aesop's Fables remind me of that, too, some of them, the deeper ones, because- Ironic and cautionary.

Cautionary. Ironic and cautionary. Yeah.

Anyways, here's another one. I live in a state that has the softest water in the country. He says, I'll post some pictures of interest for my four-year-old hot water cylinder, which has, let's see, whatever, oh, stalagmites growing on the fittings, rust stains coming out the top and down the sides, and severely restricted flow.

And then a response- So you started off by saying it's soft water, it's very mild water? Yeah. Okay. That's possible.

That's angry water. That's the water getting angry, running through pipes, yeah. Yeah, and he also states, just because the local water authority provides figures and data about the quality of the water does not make it true.

So it's a bit of a mixed thing he's saying here, where to me it's like, yeah, you definitely got some angry water there, but man, I've seen some very corrosive kind of stuff happen with supposedly clean water, and there you go. Yeah. I know the suburbs around Atlanta, Georgia have basically rainwater, like 30 or 40 TDS.

If you were to try to collect rainwater in a clean pot and measure it with a TDS meter, it would be up to 20 or 30. So what I do, for example, with the device, if you don't have hard water, you're low on the list, even though you'll get one, but we've also discovered the device creates healing water. So you know how people used to travel to springs and spas for therapeutic purposes? You can make tap water therapeutic with this.

But I don't want to make those kinds of claims, right? That's much later. That would be another direction to go in. But yeah.

Right. But anyway, is that person, is he just wondering why the unsightly plumbing, or is he having an issue with the water quality? Oh, no, I just read it there as, like, I'll send you the pictures of, I just read what he said, which is that, you know, it says that he has this kind of water and they say it's soft, but that's what happens. And meanwhile, soft water, right? Don't trust the authorities.

That's what happens. Water is trying to break out of a cage is one of the alien second one where they capture the alien. And it's like, really, they think they got it contained and the thing is almost strong enough to break out of the steel box that it's in or titanium or whatever.

Right. You want to leave the room. So yeah, water will do that if it can't break out the water, the optimum container of water.

When in motion, when in motion is look in the mirror, look at the capillaries around your eyes or the roots of a tree or a lightning bolt, you know, that Lichtenberg configuration. That's the optimum movement for water when it's at moderate speeds, at super high speeds, it's slightly different. At very low speeds, it's slightly different.

The optimum container for water when it's still is ovoid, not elliptical, but ovoid. So those two rules are very simple to apply. And the biggest enemy to water quality, immediate enemy is light, light and heat, and then air in that order.

Yeah. That's why all the water that most people buy or most of the water that most people buy is in clear containers subject to light. Yeah.

Go figure. Right. Not good.

All of that you covered years ago on that special episode, which we have reposted for you subscribers here on the Patreon at the Greek's request, it's there. So it's that special water episode, just so you guys know. Also by the way- Yeah, it's offered.

Yeah, go ahead. No, it's still offered. Yeah? Yeah.

No, you're still offering it on the Patreon. I'm putting it on the Patreon for them. And also I put up some more of the weather work as you requested that I had.

I had the second seminar, two hours, so I put that out as well. And trying to give the subscribers- And there's a third one. Oh, I don't- I think there's a third one also.

I don't think I have the third one. I ask Master Bruce would let you know. Ah, okay.

I will check with him because I don't have the third one. But I do have the first two and they're up there for you guys. Okay, that's fine.

Yeah. And- That's fine. It's such a thing as too much information.

Even putting one out a month is fine because it takes a while to digest. But if you have a sense of urgency that you got to get some weather work done, it's good to have all of them available. So anyway.

Absolutely. Hey, I just wanted to let you know one other thing is that people did start discussing the cabbage. They finally got the steak cabbage and a few other recipes.

Cabbage roast. Cabbage roast. Sorry.

What was the steak? What was that? What was the- Broccoli steak. Broccoli steak. Okay, I got it mixed up.

Yeah, go ahead. Yeah. And the names have nothing to do with how it looks or trying to look like roast or steak.

It's just the feeling that you get. When you feel like a roast, do the cabbage. When you feel like a steak, do the broccoli.

There you go. And- It's just feeling. Yeah.

And they're sharing this back and forth now. They're trying it. And I'm just letting you know that people are going back in the old Sonics and going and doing some of that stuff as well.

So by the time- Yeah. It's all method. It's all method.

Just because you've had cabbage doesn't mean you've had it done this way. The method, it's the method that changes. Like I've said, if you cut carrots three different ways, you're going to get three different flavored carrots, depending on the cut, you know? So exactly.