Rated Y, Sonic Event 218, Greek. How's it going, man? You know, there's been a little bit of discussion of weather work in the, you know, the community over there at Patreon. So I put up an hour's worth of the weather work seminar just to see if people were really that interested and really wanted to follow through on it.

If you're speaking, I can't hear you. So let's just. Well, now I do.

Oh, now you hear. OK, I heard weather work. OK, no problem. 

I explained this to you before we started recording, so it's OK. But yeah, the weather right now. Oh, boy. 

Oh, something's going on. You having trouble hearing me now? It just came on. Can you hear me? Yeah, you're you're crystal clear.

OK, yeah. All right. I mean, where I'm right next to Wi-Fi receiver type thing.

So it should be fine. Maybe it's too strong. I don't know.

I got this. Speaking of Wi-Fi, I feel I went and bought the strongest one. You know, they have like Wi-Fi module modem built together for your home and they got another model. 

Then I got one for an office that like really, really cooks everyone. Right. Oh, yeah.

You know, the big giant router. Yeah, that's the one I got. It's huge. 

It's big. And it's like, holy shit. You know, it's here. 

And maybe it's too strong. You know, you know, by the way, so-called law enforcement, you know, panty sniffers, whatever. They don't know anything anyway.

It's amazing. I have a little bit of a lawyer story. But do you know how they shut down cell phones? You know, they all these law enforcement people, they could shut down cell phones within an area. 

Does anyone here know how to do it? Raise your hand. OK. How they do it is they have this jammer.

Duh. You know, that's the dummy call. Remember, radar jammers and all that work the same way.

It's a little box and it mimics the the broadcast signal that generally all phones pick up on to lock onto a tower. Right. It takes that signal and it amplifies it about anywhere between five and ten times. 

So any phone in the area will receive that signal way, way higher than normal. And what does that do? It tells the individual phones stop working. Isn't that funny how the technology works? Everyone thinks here's the thing.

Everyone is being guarded. You know, years ago, they used to have a bunch of those things like things that looked like routers onto the back of a pickup truck and drive around and they could knock it out just in that particular block or whatever. They used to do that. 

Yeah, they have. And you know, when you go, if you pull up on the bottom tab of your computer, usually it's a computer. And I don't think you do this on a phone.

Maybe you can. It shows your Wi-Fi and it shows you the properties and the local Wi-Fis. And it says, like, you need password, password.

He shows you your neighbor's password and all that. Right. Oh, yeah. 

Yeah. The phones do it now, too. You usually got to swipe from the top of the screen.

All of them do it from the top of the screen. Yeah, but I did I was doing it for a little while and it said wife, the next closest Wi-Fi is Homeland Security slash FBI showed up on my thing for a little while. And and it's I got started.

But here's the thing. If I even told half the stuff that I've been through, I could do one of these YouTube channels. This guy goes through all this shit where I don't talk about that because I'm still here.

Right. So here about the weather work, people that have known me for a while, there's something called a translator. It's not a Wilhelm Reich device, a portable device.

And what the beauty of it being portable is you have mobility where it's kind of hard to move around with a big pipe that's grounded to water in the ground. Right. So the beauty of the translator, the portable one is you do this phenomenon called towing. 

So let's say you're driving and on the left, it's clear weather. On the right, you see a storm right on the road. So what you do is you make a right and you go and you drive under the storm, you set up your translator and then you drive away from the storm.

And guess what happens? Storms follow you. It's called towing. And I did this a couple of times years ago on the west side of town where it's more really almost country suburban.

But you don't see any road, any heart. The houses are so far set back. You go down this road for miles and miles.

You don't even know anyone lives there. Right. You know, so Georgia is probably mostly like that.

So anyway, I'm doing that. And it was Sunday, I remember morning and it was the Harley ride, like a hundred Harley guys. And they're drafting and talking.

They just started their ride. So they're not going fast and they're behind. I'm in a minivan. 

So, you know, when you're in a motorcycle behind a minivan, you catch and drift, you know, you don't feel any wind resistance. Right. Right. 

And I'm trying to tell the guys behind me, pass me, pass me, because you don't want to go more than 30 or 40 miles an hour for the tow. Right. Storms don't want to go 80 miles an hour.

If they do, they're no longer storms or hurricanes. Right. And you can't make a hurricane.

So you have to respect the properties of the storm. So I'm actually going 30 miles an hour. Usually everybody drives at the speed limits 40.

But everyone drives 70. You know how it goes. Right. 

Yes. So I'm trying to wave them to go ahead of me. And they're like, no, no, no. 

It's all right. It's all right. We don't we don't mind.

We just started the ride. I'm thinking, you know, psychically picking up what they're thinking. We just started the ride.

This raw grouping. And suddenly here comes the rain. And as long as there are whoever's behind me is getting rained on.

Right. That's just a story. That I want to mention the power of the tow.

Now, once again, there's people that have experienced this and done this, by the way, that have picked up from the weather seminar. And then I bet a bunch of those motorcycle guys started like stopping and standing under bridges with their bikes to try and get out of the rain. Right. 

Like a little bit. Well, specifically, they're kind of tougher than that. But, you know, it's funny about these Harley group rides.

You look at all the Harleys and you'll see some llamas, you know, that look like those classic bikes. And there's one crotch rocket in there. Right. 

So it's like you really don't belong. But anyway, if you know what you're doing, you can do a hitch. You can do that also with a ground based gun, which is which is what I'm doing all day. 

And yesterday, severe thunderstorms, severe thunderstorms. They did come, but they're five miles south. So what I did was I aimed at the storm.

This is with a gun. I'm not moving. This is ground based aimed at the storm.

It didn't like it. You could see I just cleared a whole entire area. Then I turned the gun around as if the storm was going to pass over me.

But it wasn't. But it's attracted to the area now that the gun is aiming at. So it starts to move over me.

And now that it moved over me, I aim the other way to to lock it in. So can't go back and it can't retract. And that's what's happening is the darkest freaking clouds.

When you see like really, really strong storm clouds, you know, the puffy cumulus ones and they get a really flat bottom, like someone shaved it off and it's really dark. That's how that's when you get that. So I was telling people years ago on the weather, there's like 150 types of clouds.

If you can at least jot down at least 120 different cloud formations, you're getting this also in a clear blue, blue sky. There's 14 shades of blue. Most people will call the skies blue.

OK, I can show you this 14 shades. If you could be that sensitive, you got it. And the reason why you can go out in a totally cloudless, you know, windless day with a blue sky and I could show you the 14 shades.

And it's important to know that because once you aim it, the blue sky in one area, you'll see where you're aiming will change. It'll actually where you're exactly aiming. It's really dark, like a round dot, really dark blue.

And then around it, it gets darker again. And then like it almost like an iris in an eye and then it gets really light. So you can almost see it.

But, you know, if you're not tuned into it, you won't see it. Oh, it still looks blue to me, you know, because you're just used to tuning out. You know, the sky is blue. 

That's it. Right. And it's very interesting.

So the weather, the weather work requires people that are very sensitive and sensible, sensible. Why? Well, you're dealing with the weather. That's all you got to say.

It's probably the most powerful force other than flooding that you can possibly inflict, which can be done with the weather with no problem, by the way. But because here we go again, it's starting to flood on the eastern seaboard. Right. 

This is what I'm seeing anyway in reports. Yeah. Well, yeah, I know.

I saw like New York City flooding. It was Brooklyn Carroll Street. I can't believe how they developed Fourth Avenue down there.

My gosh. When I was there, it was just like broken down storefronts, broken down cars, a lot of drug dealing, whatever. Now it's like Citicorp is building a building there and, you know, Italian restaurants where, you know, the spaghetti is fifty dollars a plate.

I'm like, oh, my gosh. They gentrified that area. Well, oh, more than gentrified.

They're trying to make it like Upper East Side, Manhattan. Right. Which is more than that.

But yeah, gentrification is you want to hear that they sort of retain a little bit of the flavor of the prior, you know, how the prior setting. Right. Sometimes. 

Not always. Not sometimes. Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, that's true. You could say what Disney did to Times Square. You could say that.

Well, yeah. What the hell? There's nothing left in the old look. 1970s Times Square.

It don't exist. Come on. Oh, man. 

I remember going down. This guy says we've got to go to the peep shows. I was 14. 

And, you know, it's supposed to be 18 or 21 or older. I'm 14 years old going to peep shows, you know, and it's eating your quarters like crazy. It's like 30 seconds.

It's a little eight millimeter film, you know, and you're dropping, you know, a quarter or whatever, every every 15, 20 seconds. You know, I mean, my gosh, I was like, this is stupid. If you got a ride in Grimey.

Yeah. If you got to roll the quarters, you're 18, though. That's all there is to it. 

But yeah, go ahead. Oh, I'm 14. Look, when I was 18, I looked 14.

When I was 25, I looked 14. You know, I mean, look, I was 40 and getting carded for cigarettes. Yeah, no. 

And I was like, I'm 40. And they're like, yeah, sure you are. I was like, oh, my gosh.

Right. So I used to say that I was 16. I don't know what I look like.

I got you. I used to sit down at either really busy or really slow bars. One or the other. 

Not in between medium. You might get carded, but medium or, you know, like but but really slow or really, really busy places. And I would just sit down. 

I had a beard. I was like 13. You know, they didn't even know.

What do you need? Yeah. So give me a picture. I look when young Frankenstein came out, I was like 12 or something.

I was able to go to the store and buy a little bottle of liquor. I remember Southern Comfort. We we were around.

We had friends whose brothers and sisters were older and, you know, 17, 18. And at that point, you're getting high drinking. And, you know, I was like, oh, I never saw little bottles like that, whatever.

So I walked to a liquor store when the movie Young Frankenstein came out. And that was like 1975, 1976. And I was able to buy alcohol. 

Right. And, you know, I remember it was weird. I know it wasn't supposed to do it.

And it's kind of like when they're doing the transaction, you don't want to go when it's busy. You want to go and you wait until you're the only person going in a certain time a day. And when they're doing the whole transaction, not even looking at you, you're looking away. 

It's so funny. We're talking, you know, Brooklyn, Midwood, Flatbush area. Anyway, I mean, that's not going to work anymore.

You know, I mean, I don't know. Who knows? Maybe in Afghanistan. But, OK, maybe, you know, there's a lot of countries don't have the hang up that Christian, quote unquote, it's not biblical.

It's Christian where alcohol, you know, has to be in Japan. You get alcohol in the vending machine. Anybody can. 

Right. So, yeah, that girl's panties. Right. 

Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, I wanted to get some activity in the chat tango or jelly in the Greek, you know, like six months ago or less than that, if you ask me, what was the chitang? I don't know.

It's so chilly in the Greek to tango dot com. Right. Right.

OK, close enough. All right. Some someone popped up very appreciated.

And they're talking about water and showing off their wares and what they're attempting to do. And I'm giving some feedback. I don't my my first thing is I'll discuss it on the next sonic.

Well, all I'm going to say is, OK, the first thing this is out of context. But when you're working with magnets and you're going to end up one pole, you know, the force in motion side of the magnet, meaning the north or the south has to be vertically aligned, always the south pole down towards the ground, whatever you're doing, unless you're working on something, you need the other pole. Now, with poles, there's no such thing as just a vortex that goes through.

Just like when you look at the globe model of the Earth, if you're looking down at the North Pole, it looks like the Earth is going counterclockwise. But if you're at the south pole looking up, it looks like it's going clockwise. So it's all relative where the view is.

That's how magnets work. The only reason they repel is because you can't put two right hand threaded objects that, you know, moving in the same direction together. That's all it is.

So the South Pole is always expansive and the North Pole is always contractive. Now, for example, when you have a compass in your hand and then you have the needle, it's it's tipped in red ink or red paint. It says north.

OK, when that is really a North Pole on the compass, when you're naming the compass and it's free to move and it goes to what you think is magnetic north, the pole that it's actually going to on the Earth is actually a South Pole magnet. So now that you know that, you can actually pick which pole of the magnet. So when you have a North Pole, North Pole end of the needle on a compass and you have a magnet in your hand, don't put it too close because you could screw up the magnet in the compass.

When the face of the magnet that the compass is pointing north is pointing to is actually the South Pole of the magnet. And then the opposite is the North Pole. So it's still in direction.

Oh, OK. You see? So it always. Yeah.

So you see. So anyway. OK, so what I wanted to say was pointing down.

The other thing is I wanted to mention is if they I don't know what you what status you have on that water thing we did with Ocelli in the Greek, the private one like years ago about, you know, the Brita filters and the magnetite and always treating water, filtering water when it's cold. Do you guys accept accessible on the Patreon? Not in the Patreon yet, but I have made it accessible to them. Like, here's a link.

You can go you can go listen to it if you want in the private section. But I could put it in the Patreon. You want it there? Yeah, because from the from the comments that I've seen, no problem on the to tango, they haven't been aware of that.

It's a very simple way to get the best water possible from what water you have. So and the thing that stood out to me on that is the shape of the container that you keep it in, which is really interesting. And yeah, OK, that'll be posted.

Yeah, just just so I just want to set up, bring up a few things. I'm not going to discuss too much more. The other thing I wanted to bring up with us in discussion with someone in the field, engineering, but industrial about what I'm doing is, well, can you just briefly explain what you're doing? And I said, yes, what I'm doing is this, you know, the device that does this.

But what's more important is now we can add to the anomalies of how water performs and how we can physically observe it. Like the first anomaly water has is it's the only liquid that we know of that when you freeze it, it expands, right? The other thing is it has at its maximum density is at thirty nine degrees Fahrenheit or four degrees Celsius. At that point, it's literally incompressible.

There's no other material that could do that. You could have a 30 foot thick piece of steel. It will still compress. 

OK. The other thing that very few people speak about, it has a latency and heat curve on the graph at 90. OK, 98.6. What I mean by that is when you are measuring how warm the water is getting, when you add heat, it forms a linear graph.

The more heat you add, the more the temperature of the water rises until you get to 98.6 or 38 degrees Celsius. What happens there as soon as it hits the 98.6 or 38 Celsius, you keep adding heat and it doesn't budge. It stays at 98.6 really stable.

You got to keep adding heat and then it breaks off a 98.6 and starts to rise again. Very anomalous. It's not linear.

You know that 98.6 should be should number should ring a bell, right? So there's a different type of transference or resistance to transfer at 98.6. Yeah, that's why our bodies, our blood is the healthiest. OK, like if you read in the Upanishads, it's the Upanishads are like a shading of what Noah taught Abraham. But it's part of the Hindu culture.

Some say it's a thousand years old. Some say it's two or three thousand years old. I'd go in the two and a half thousand mark in the Upanishad.

One of the teachings is when you drink water, the gross matter of the water. This is the translation. One of the translations when water is drunk, the gross amount of the water becomes urine.

And the other less gross amount in the next amount that's left becomes your blood. And the next amount that's left becomes prana, right? Which is energy. OK.

Now, the same thing with food. It talks about when a gross amount of food is eaten. Most of it is excreted.

Then the next amount becomes your flesh. But then the last amount becomes your mind. That's why it's very important to eat good food.

Right. That's why, for example, George Osawa, he was an early microbiotic teacher. He would have classes.

And when a teacher, when he thought one of the students would ask a stupid question, he answered it by saying, what did you eat for dinner last night? Right. Yeah. So it does seem to have a generalized effect.

I've taken note of this before, but never known why. It just seems like people that eat better food are more productive, are less, you know, less clumsy, less accident prone, et cetera. So, you know, I don't know what to make of it, except that that's just a fact.

Well, yeah. And the thing about water also, water is constantly being produced by many, many things. So each thing has a different kind of water, just like each body will produce a different type of mind and different type of flesh and a different type of energy.

So these things are where you're an operator and you have to be able to control it and regulate, you know, your food and your water and all that. But this is another discussion on the map. I want to go back to the water. 

Actually, I didn't stop. So the ninety eight point six. So, you know, so the water is the only liquid that expands when you freeze it that we know of.

Then it has a real funky thing happens at ninety eight point six. Also, it's not compressible at thirty nine. Now here's the this is my contribution.

What I've done is when water only passes over the block wall of the magnet, mean the median between the poles only and you shade the other poles. Shading means in electronics or engineering that you prevent anything from seeing those poles when your water flow is only going over the block wall, the water quality changes. And this is a new anomaly that we've added to the repertoire of weird things that water does.

So it's not just the scale orator or this. It's we've noticed that water behaves a certain way and with magnets. Yes, they've mixed results.

But when you run it over just the block wall, which everyone ignores, I shouldn't say this, but I'll say it. I was a short discussion with one of the largest companies. Easy to find who it is.

All right. The largest company, a magnetic company in the US and it's a woman that's running it and all that. So we're talking as a supplier.

And I mentioned that she's talking about different magnets and faces and some some magnets could have multiple poles. And I'm not interested in that. So I just need the block wall in between.

As a matter of fact, trying to find a way to diminish the strength of the magnet and increase the block wall. She says, block wall. Well, we said she was the block.

Well, we we we have some block walls here, but most of the building is metal and we have some brick. Oh, my God. You know, because we talk about she didn't even know the block wall.

Oh, boy. If she's thinking it's a wall wall. Yeah. 

Oh, my God. And I said, oh, she got really quiet when I showed her that. Oh, my gosh.

Because first of all, OK, is she a fault? Yeah. It's like go to the attorney general. They don't know any laws or any codes at all, at all.

I mean, at all. Completely devoid. Very much just like a doctor doesn't completely devoid if you start having any discussion about the human body.

Completely devoid. I mean, just like, oh, my gosh. So this is very typical.

So she's a she's what I consider a professional. Right. Because anyway, they're all screwed up.

So anyway, no stain on her. It's fine. That's why that's why I keep telling people, pick a field, any field.

Get into it. If you just get really get into it and don't be don't be feel like a baited or put off because there are other people that are professionals and they're morons. So if you want to get into astrophysics, magnetism, medicine, whatever, anything like that, don't feel put off that there already exists a professional group and they're idiots.

All of them, with very little exception, continue on that field. And within six months or a year, you'll be a world expert. I'm serious. 

And beyond any of those idiotic experts, because this is the world you're living. That's what I keep saying. I have like a lot of meetings, discussions.

This is not a real I'll make a proposal to do something or make something or something to happen. And then someone will be a little skeptic. By the way, there's a difference between a skeptic and a naysayer, but a little skeptic.

And I'll say, listen, I know I understand your skepticism, but we don't live in a real world. This is not real, you know. So if it's not real, what does that mean? You know, you know, it's like you turn on a television and when it comes on, there's a certain channel that's not real because you can get the remote and go to another channel, right? And another channel.

And then you could change the format that does it. It's really watching, but it's not real. You have so much control over what is in the environment, right? No matter what it is.

And I can prove I've been proving this over and over. But look, I'm not supposed to be here. So I'm not going to act like so like I do. 

Right. So I really don't care. But I've constantly demonstrated Jason Breshears speaks on this, you know, breaking pattern and calls it the simulation and all that.

A lot of people also. But I've been saying for a very, very long time, pick any field, get into it, do it. And you will be a world expert in a very short group of time because the people that are in it right now that are experts are morons.

You think you're not going to do better than a bunch of more? All they have is a label. When you hear about attorneys, doctors, engineers, that's a label. Those people inside are empty husks filling a position.

They literally have a position. Like, for example, if you look at the legal field, they actually have a quota. How many attorneys we need to hire this year or not hire. 

Right. They have these quotas like with cops. We need to hire more cops.

We need more attorneys. We need more engineers. You hear that all the time. 

Right. And they also have a limitation on the number of doctors that are produced in America. I know. 

That's right. And we don't need any more. So they discourage or they have them still get the degree. 

Right. Because there's nothing. It's all private contracts.

So these people are empty and they're lost. And what their proof of this very good proof. Put in the latest side, do a general search.

Latest scientific research, 90 percent of it is going to be college kids, little pimply, whatever, with with Dixie Cups and popsicle sticks stuck together, making an experiment. I'm serious. This is what these are the latest scientific discoveries.

Or it'll be some A.I. bullshit. There is nothing going on. Zero. 

All this stuff that you see that's going on is basically industrial engineering, how things look, how they're cobbled together. So you don't know how it works. What I mean by that years ago, when you walked into a printing factory, a printing house or a factory, you saw the damn machines.

You saw the gears, the screws, the bolts, the thing, the material being fed in, being processed, kicked out. Now, when you go into like a printer office, a printer, a place where they print things, a factory or whatever, all the machines look really sleek and covered. All you do is you put this thing in here, it comes out.

You don't see anything that's going on. The same with your stuff at home. When you get a vacuum cleaner, let's say you knew where the motor was.

You could see the vents on it. You see the switch, you know, whatever. You know, when you got an old toaster, you know, you didn't want the four year old brother or sister put a knife in it, right? You know, like, you know, you saw all these things.

You were able to see how things work. They were exposed. Even with cars, you pop the hood.

You see all the parts of the car. Now you pop the hood of a car. It's a fucking plastic cover over the whole thing you have to take off.

So what they're doing, this is all on purpose. Uh, they're, they're, they're getting you to disregard how things, what things are by based on what they do, right. By covering everything.

You said, just do this today and just put this here. And this is what you're going to get. They disregard.

So once you separate the human mind from what is going on to get to the next step, you've just shut them down completely. Right. This is, this is where you're at.

That's why all these professionals are idiots. Right. So all of them were very little exception.

And I've talked about the exceptions. So are we in trouble? No, because if you weren't in trouble from the very beginning, you wouldn't have been allowed to guide. In other words, are you in more trouble? No, because if, if the people had their shit together, when things were more, let's say exposed, and you knew what was going on, if you were headed together back then, you wouldn't allow this to happen.

So people have been always asleep and they're always going to be asleep in this type of situation. But there's always going to be the few, maybe like myself, that's going to say, Hey, look at this, check this out. Right.

So for example, people are proud because they're technologically advanced because of the phones. Really? I'll give a thousand dollars to anyone. Contact information.

If you could tell me how a cell phone works from the ground up, really how it works, but you like lay, in other words, if I took it all apart and laid it all out, can you piece it all together? It can explain it. All of it. No one can.

I was just going to say, you know, about 10, 15 years ago, if you would have done that to a computer, I could have reassembled it. No problem. Yeah.

Right. Yeah, exactly. So, okay.

The part of the, part of the fault in explaining that as the integration, you can have one chip that's got 10 million switches in a transistors and one little chip has 10 million, because there's about what, 40 or 50 billion transistors in our average cell phone. These numbers sound big, but look it up. I think the new iPhones is a hundred billion transistors in that phone.

The number, what is it? Remember years ago is that a hundred billion dollars a stack from here to the moon used to get proportions like that, right? Stuff like that. So stupid shit. But if you lined up the money, it would wrap around the earth this many times.

That's again, to give you a proportion and scale. So when you bought things, looked at machines or processes, you got to see every step of the way what was going on. Now it's all being hidden.

It went in things that people interact the same. When you go to these professional schools, law school, medical school, it's like the medical people don't know anything about a living body. All they do is look at, I've been talking about this for a long time.

The other thing I dare people to do, I was having a discussion. Someone came back recently. You're correct.

Greek about 90% of the drugs out there. I'm not talking about specific drugs. I'm talking like drugs.

People take for allergies. Drug people take for this drug. People take for whatever, just usual, the usual scripts that are written.

90% of those create dementia in the brain, shrinkage of the brain. Since the eighties, I've been saying in the eighties, there was the big thing, you know, about side effects, right? And all that. I think it started making it on TV back then.

And drug advertising was in the eighties. It started, right? I think so. Yeah.

Yeah. It was not in the seventies. I know that the only thing you got in the seventies was maybe mouthwash and deodorant, aspirin commercials, but a lot of aspirin.

Yeah. But yeah, yeah. You got a headache.

Take this. Hey, you don't like aspirin. Take Tylenol.

Yeah. Right. It was no scripts, nothing with a script.

Right. So, so anyway, I said, watch out because no matter what you're talking about on side effects, there's no discussion of what the shit does to your brain. It's going to shrink your brain.

It's going to screw up the electrical brain. It's going to make your brain sick all day. And you notice on no side effects, talk about your liver, sudden death, your balls will fall off every, but never talk about the break.

Remember what I said, where they're silent as well. The action is going. And if some people are doing, we came back, said Greek.

Yeah. It's like these basic, uh, they found this stuff does, uh, does shrinks your brain. This stuff here, just typical allergy stuff, script or non-script, you know, a lot of the, uh, also I've told people a lot of the stuff out there that is over the counter used to be a script.

It always starts off as a script, right? Not always, but mostly, mostly. So yeah. So I was telling people, um, you know, you look at this stuff for what it does or whatever, and then look at the drugs about what 40% of the drugs over a period of a decade is deemed, uh, dangerous.

And it's taken out. The FDA bans it, right. Or removes its, uh, certification more than a half.

The drugs are like that, right? They wait an average between, let's say eight to 10 years before they tell you it's dangerous, you know, maybe like Accutane and the other thing, whatever. There's a whole bunch of them. And actually the list is thousands of them.

So this is ridiculous. Now where's the outrage? Where's cause no one here cares. No one's paying attention.

Another example is this is Tracy Twyman and a whole bunch of other people. The madam, the madam that says all these people, so I'm not suicidal, not suicidal, but they're found hanging in a garage, right? And a lot of people say, I'm not suicidal, but they're found there. So what are their followers? Oh yeah.

They killed her. And everybody sits back. No, no action.

No real reaction. Nothing. It's like, what a bunch of fucking cowards and wimps, right? You know, that's why, like when someone says you're going to get a lot of support, fuck them.

I don't want anybody's support. Right. You see, because they're not where you, how many times have you heard someone being quote unquote, an internet or media hero, and then they get rubbed out with suicide and they've very much said before that I'm not suicidal.

What are their followers or people that, you know, venerated them do nothing. Generally. No, no one cares.

Even Virginia, Virginia Gu Frey, who was, uh, you know, one of the Epstein, uh, victims, right. She recently committed suicide. I don't know if you, I know you don't watch the news.

No, I know. But that's one that we'll do. And it's a, well, that's one that said I'm not suicidal several times.

Also. Yeah. That, that, that's the thing that kills me about it is I'm listening to it.

And these people that knew her are like, well, she was very depressed. I'm like, but that's not what she was saying. And you know, what are you guys doing? Look, the Epstein thing is so kind.

They're trying to shade it up. Look, I remember once, um, a hillbilly type guy said he's having sex with his sister because he wants, he'd rather hit it first than anyone else hitting it first. And then he pimped her out for money.

Right. So he'll Billy type guy. And I found out this was not common, but if this was in within us, someone talking about this person within your own circle, it's not a one in a billion thing.

Like they're trying to make Epstein like it's one in 5 billion, right? Like let's say 5 billion people on the planet. He's the only guy doing it. Right.

First of all, this is very, very common. There's pedophilia. Then there's pederasty.

People don't know what the pederasty is when you're doing it with teenagers. Right. And those, and that's what pet, what's what Epstein was involved in pederasty.

Right. Which, which is basically 15, 16, 17 year olds being right. Okay.

So this thing is normal within a certain social cut or social, let's say, what would you say? A latitude or strata strata is a certain strata in society that always existed. That what Epstein's doing, it is so common that if you, if people woke the fuck up, they would see it's so common. That's even going on with it.

If you live in a city that has more than half a million people, I assure you, you have at least three Epstein's like that going on right now, a place like New York would have a hundred of them easy. Right. I remember there was a remote spot in Jersey that was kind of like a backwoods area where it turns out every time these like, you know, kids would end up going into the kiddie rehabs, they'd end up spilling their guts about how, you know, their families were banging them, you know, it was just like, and not like just recently.

I mean, like, you know, since they're eight, this kind of thing. And they get, do you remember during when, when Bush poppy Bush became president on TV, the call boys, yeah. Yeah.

When George Bush senior became a, it was on TV, there was an orphanage and a whole bunch of boys and girls says, Oh, I know that man. He put his peepee in my butt. How would they, why would they say that? That's bizarre.

Yeah, I know. Why would they say that? Why would they just add it? I did not only one, but a whole bunch of them at a certain point. I think it was like near Virginia or whatever, you know, this is normal.

I'm not condoning and saying, Hey, let it go or whatever, but it's such bullshit. And here's the other thing. If you believe anything about the Epstein, yes or no, and he died or whatever, just being attracted to that stuff.

You got serious issues. In other words, you're not good. You're definitely not going to know anything about cell phones or how anything works for sure, or at least you might be able to repeat what you've been taught, told to say, wait, wait, wait, wait.

I need to ask you about this. Cause you're probably the only person that in the world that doesn't like shun me for saying this, but every time I see somebody who's like obsessed about reporting on it or they dedicate a lot of time to it, I don't know what it is, but all of a sudden I get the echo for them where it's like, there is something wrong with you that you need to focus on this, this much, you know, you're not personally connected to it. Well, I wouldn't say wrong.

Okay. Directly. That's maybe more of an outburst.

I would say that there's, there's wires, their character focusing on some, some things. So it's so monotone. It's terrible.

I, it's like, it becomes an obsessive thing with them. And it's like, you're almost so much on it. It makes me feel like it's the same, but everyone's doing it because that's why I vowed years ago to never do social media or YouTube.

And it's still holding out on it. If we had more time, a lot more time, I still wouldn't do it. I've even told someone that put some YouTubes up myself.

I don't care if it goes up to Mr. Beast, I want nothing to do with it. And I don't, I don't say take it down. I don't want it on YouTube.

Fine. If it gets there, fine, but I'm not doing shit. So I'm not doing anything on any social media or YouTube or any platform like that.

I put out what I put out, not to put out stuff and get something back. Like, Oh, I'm a media figure. I'm putting it out to get other people to say the same damn thing.

I've said it many times. You can take a transcript of what I said, go out and repeat it and say, you came up with it. I'm totally cool with it.

Why? Because the actual content, the meat, the bone and the meat and the skeleton and the meat of what I'm saying is getting out there and spreading. Right. So that's what I'm interested in.

You know, again, I was, I'm not supposed to be here. Why should I act like I belong here? That's ridiculous. What a hypocrite, right? Yeah.

And this way you can just get confused with the Greek from the wire. There you go. Yeah.

So you can even say, you know, whatever. This just gets confusing. If then you say you're the Greek, well, who's the other Greek? I don't care.

Spread the info, spread it. Right. It's kind of like, uh, I don't know.

It's got, it's not, it's not, but it is working like years ago. For example, right now, if you just peruse YouTube, the other thing I wanted to mention, by the way, I'll get back perusing, uh, you know how everything is hidden from us, you know, like, you know, how a machine works, it's got all these covers, you just put this in, this happens and it's called disconnected and you get this rush when it's done. Okay.

It's a goal of going to a computer. They call it an algorithm and it really looks at your previous searches and it suggests what you should want. Like you open a YouTube page and it's telling you what you should want.

Right. So in other words, try to always ignore that because very often you'll follow this. Oh, this is in line.

What do I do? And then you get caught in this spiral, a dopamine spiral. Like, look, I'm interested in this. I'm glad it came up and the search, they always ignore it by the way.

So when I opened a YouTube page or whatever, I looked the other way. I kind of almost cover the screen where I just see the search box and put in what I want. Ignore anything they're putting up.

Do that until you become strong enough in your own mind. Because years ago they asked people what you want. Now they're always telling you what you want.

That's why they're getting away with. That's why they're getting away with the Epstein stuff. They're telling people you want to know.

They even said, this is what you want to know. They even say that in some of the things. Oh my gosh.

So you're pretty much finished right now as a society and as individuals. I see very few people of have any merit at all around me, wherever I go, whatever. And you have to make them.

Here's the thing. If I want to do something or accomplish something, it's like, imagine you have a nation or country and you have no army, you have no soldiers. What do you do? You open a fucking boot camp and you start getting people who know how to make a soldier and you, you, you invite coerce, uh, whatever, recruit conscript people to come in and you train them.

And now guess what? After what? 30, 90 days a year. What? Get some uniforms. Now you got what? An army, an army, right? So you people say, Oh, who are you going to find Greek? No, no.

I don't look to find someone to be able to do. I make who I need to do. If I need someone to do a thing, Hey, you, you want to do this? I'm going to make, I'm going to show you, I'm going to turn you into this.

So for example, if I need a dentist, let's say I don't look for dentists. Hey, you, I'm going to turn you into a dentist. This is what teeth are.

This is a few. Are you interested in that? Yeah. Okay.

I want to, you know, I need a marketing person. Fuck the marketing people. They're idiots.

You want to do marketing? I know nothing about perfect. All right, come here. I'm going to turn you into a marketing person in 90 days.

How do you like that? You make them. So that's what gods do, by the way, they create different beings and they create, and we have the ability to do that right now. And perfect example is bootcamp.

Yeah. Imagine a country, no army. What do they do? They bring in someone who knows how to start an army.

They make bootcamp. You get the same people. And now you turn them into soldiers.

This is how life works. This is the same thing about relationships. You need to, you need to have a relationship with someone.

Just go pick someone. They have to be trainable and, um, they don't, they shouldn't have anything that's physically repulsive to you. So if you like big noses, don't pick someone with a small nose, right? It's because that's, that'll be repulsive to you.

You can't change that. That is well, you know, things can be, it's funny how you can make things smaller, but you can't make them bigger, except to maybe, I don't know. Do they even have stuff to make a guy's schlongs bigger now? I don't know.

Yeah, they do. But they do. Yeah.

I think there's, someone told me they got the Nike pump even thing. They got all kinds of, yeah. Oh my gosh.

I, you know, but anyway, so that's an idiocracy. You know, the medical was only interested in hair growth and penis erectile stuff. This is pretty much where you are.

Um, so you learn to make people like, um, the head of the household years ago was important because the head of the household made everyone up or the TV did, or the school did, that's what they relied on. That's why we keep your children in there for so long. So you become like one of these degenerate educators, whatever.

You know, it's not like when I was, when I was in school and.