So, Sonic Event 231, here we go, Greek, I got a lot, a lot of questions and comments for you, but first, how are you? I'm good, man. You're right, man, that did come in pretty loud on my side, maybe you need a new mixing board or Jitsi or something, but as long as people can make out what we're saying, that's what counts, it's the message, right? Yeah, true, I may have an irregular kind of like short in my stuff, which means go back and replace the wires and, you know, sometimes they start to get hot and cold right before they die, wires, you know, I don't know. Well, get new stuff, all new stuff, you know, get balanced cables or whatever, get a board with balanced inputs, I don't like the way it sounds for hi-fi, but it sounds good for what we're doing, so.

Well, anyway, we'll get the message out regardless of the sound, right? All right, so first thing is knowing how corrupt this world is and also knowing a cleanup crew is what's being cleaned up, is the question, the space heaters or the corrupt ones or an even level of the hierarchy. That's an easy one, I've answered that before. Yeah, the world is not salvageable, is the last comment there.

No, it's not, okay, allegiance, allegiance is the most important thing, when you go to the military, they make sure you have allegiance and once you pledge allegiance or swear allegiance, if you do something that's contrary to the command, you can be executed on the spot. Same thing works, these are all cosmic rules, so let's say you're a dumbass, which is a typical human and you believe, let's say, this country is bad because they launched a terror attack on your country, which your own government really did or people within your government did and you believe what they're telling you, you're going to suffer the consequences as if the story is true. All right, that might be a little bit of a twisted way to answer it, but let's say you have allegiance to a corrupt religion, institution, group, and you don't know anything, you think you're doing the right thing, you're still going to suffer the consequences, yes, be mindful.

In other words, ignorance of the law is no excuse, so you're going to have to dig down and find out fundamental stuff. Like, you know, for example, this is very easily researched and known, no matter how it's been marketed, but Catholicism, the Vatican is one of the most evil institutions the world has ever seen. You can't show me another institution that has lasted.

Formally, 1000 AD is when they built the Vatican, started, right? And they were around for about several, about 400 years, 500 years before that. So you're looking at institutions about 1700, 1800 years old, and it's by hands down the most corrupt and evil institution ever on this planet. Warning to you, billion Catholics or three quarter, you think you're doing the right thing, you're going down, bitch.

That's the, that's the cosmic way to say it. I would leave that place. I mean, that's, that's not an opinion, by the way, and I don't know if I could speak for the cosmic forces, but what I'm saying can be objectified, right? So, yeah, so right away, most of the people are going to go down just from that one group, and then you got all the other groups.

Believe it or not, the Satanists are probably going to be, get it the easiest. Why? Because they're anti what the, they're, by the way, Satanism is secular, by the way. Yeah.

Right? It's a secular religion. It's not, it's, you know, they might throw smittens, smittings of philosophy in there, but it's secular. But what they're doing is essentially anti-Christian, anti-Catholic, anti-secular.

They're secular, that's anti-secular. So, in a way, it's like the enemy of my enemy is my friend. So, they're going to have a much better, easier time because they're more anti, but they're also going to have a really hard time because they bought into the secularness of it.

Like, I used to give an example. You'll have, let's say, you're, you pass through the pearly gates, no such thing. Metaphorically, you go to heaven and you see a little pastor that was handing out cans to all the hungry people, but, you know, pushed you into whatever religion they do in the Midwest.

You'll see Hitler, and Hitler will be, oh, I'm glad I wasn't one of them. Right? He's going to get it a lot worse because Hitler wasn't promoting any kind of a cosmic deity of any sort, was he? Not at all. Well, now- It was true, you're right.

Here's the thing about him directly, maybe not, but some of his guys had these different- Oh, they were super occult, yeah. Super occult stuff going on. So, and there's even like a Catholic breakaway sect that was like really supportive and inspirational, apparently.

So, I don't know. It's hard to sort that out, to be honest with you, to me. Maybe I'm wrong.

It just seems like it's hard to separate things. So, that means eventually it's like, yeah, burn it all, but we don't have to focus as Yeah, there's going to be a selection. If you go to, if you harken to what Jason Brashear says, the phoenix is selective.

People that are afraid of it and are misinformed are going to get it. Those that know what it is and not afraid of it are going to be just fine. I've talked about this all the time through the years.

It's very selective, that type of destruction. You hear about this often where plane crash, 200 people on board, 193 die, and seven just walk away with not a scratch. Right? You've heard this before, right? Oh, yeah.

So, yeah, and it's a bad metaphor. It's actually, you'll see that kind of proportion out there, but with, it's really hard. All you could do is explain it in metaphors, because we cannot objectify that outcome, right? Because the knowledge of such an outcome is given to us in allegory anyway.

Well, and I'll put it to you this way. There's also the selection that goes on, because like you remember the Hindenburg. We all know what that is, right? The big airship that went down.

The perception is everybody died. That is way far from the truth. If you read the accounts, usually the people that, the accounts that people wrote, they said that the captain said stay inside, and everyone who followed the captain's order survived.

Stay inside the cabin, because it was, come on, man, it's German engineering. They had taken that into account. The cabin was designed to protect you from flare up, shall we say? Right.

And everyone who followed the captain's order survived unscathed. Whoever decided to take the matters in their own hands, well, you know, those are the ones you hear about. You never hear about the ones that, the good boys and girls.

You always hear about the bad boys and girls, so. That's true. Hey, you know what, you know, a comment connects to this.

I knew it. The Greek has been quoting Snatch as long as I've been listening to him. Taking a windy walk through a Canaanite village, how ze Germans are coming.

There have been a few more that I can't recall now. Glad to finally hear it from him. Save your breath, save your breath to cool your porridge.

See, I don't know this movie, but I'm guessing. That's the Jippo. That's what, that's Brad Pitt's one of the best lines when they meet him out in the field to do another fight for a caravan.

Pederinko Blue. The size of our covers. And he says, I'm not going to buy a tarts mobile home.

What'd you say? Save your breath to cool your porridge. Yeah. So anyway, I really liked that film because of the metaphor.

Again, it's a metaphor. The whole movie is a metaphor. And it's interesting, too, because I'm just glad to hear that you appreciate some films outside of just, you know, your YouTube videos for background.

Because I feel stupid sometimes making film references. I'm glad you do it. Also, Guy Ritchie.

This is another comment, by the way. Also, Guy Ritchie films are well done. Also recommended Revolver.

Sherlock Holmes. King Arthur. That being said, I feel like those.

That's the Hollywood influence. The Sherlock Holmes one. Another one is Lawrence of Arabia.

The classic one. Good scene is when they take Aqaba. And he took it on his own.

Because he was high ranking, he could make a military decision. And he has one of his boys. And I think it was Pederasty.

I doubt it, though. It didn't hint enough of that. But there's a young man that he took a liking to.

I think it was Pederasty, but they didn't show it in the film. And he brought him into an officer's club. British officer's club in Arabia.

And you're not supposed to bring any denizens in. And he brought him in anyway. And they refused to serve him, refused to let him in.

And he says, you're going to give him a lemonade. And you're going to give it with ice. And he's ordering.

It's kind of like the thing. What's the lady who did not go to the back of the bus kind of thing? Rosa Parks? What was her name? It was Jonah Park. It's a Rosa Parks thing.

And this is before Rosa Parks. But that was being done. The Rosa Parks thing's been going on since the 30s, by the way.

I don't know why they just made her popular. If you tell anyone who's lived in the South and was cosmopolitan about Rosa Parks, they're going to laugh at you. It was like 1,000 Rosa Parks.

God damn it. Why'd they bring that bitch up again? So she was the only one that made it to the media, right, that took it all the way, right? Yeah, right. Tons of musicians fighting with places.

Why can't I eat in a place that I'm going to perform in, you know, for decades? Oh, yeah. Yeah. And they took it just as far, but it just was not, yeah, it's not talked about.

Right. Exactly. All right.

Guy Ritchie, hats off to him. I feel he's definitely, this guy continues, though, I feel he's definitely in the club, low level, of course. I don't know about that judgment, but, you know, what do you think? Well, he married Madonna, didn't he? Or was her, whatever, whatever.

Madonna's as bad as you can get. She's been, you know, I think it was without her own volition. She got led into it.

Like she's full on the host now. She's not even Madonna. She's a host.

Anyway, that's another, that's for the Donald Marshall people, to know what I'm talking about. You know, the covering the eye. Yeah, well, she went full Kabbalah.

She went full Kabbalah, too. That's the other, that was step, what, two? No, I'm talking more, what I'm saying is maybe really off on the fringe. Like, she's a host.

In other words, the Madonna is dead. The spirit that's in her is something else. True enough.

Yeah. That's what the left, you know, covering the eye, the dark eye, the black and blue eye. You see that? The, you know.

Okay. So that's another, that's another, we should do, we should do, we'd have to have Donald Marshall on for that one, but there's plenty of stuff about Donald Marshall. You could talk about it, but right.

What else? That would be interesting. Yeah. I'd love to do a guest.

Greek is right about the immune system. If you had one, then you'd be free of taxes and not bound to civic duties. So if you know law and use it to avoid taxes, then by definition in parentheses, you have created an immune system.

In conclusion, all humans in the so-called modern world with birth certificates are effectively born with AIDS. You could say that metaphorically, but you can't pay taxes because like I said, FDR did what no dictator parliamentarian or monarchy ever did in history, which is tell people to surrender their precious metals. No one, the worst dictator ever in history never even did anything near that.

And they pulled it off here. So everything now is bills and bills of, if you look up the definition of a bill, a bill is a bill of exchange. And if you want to know how to handle bill of exchange, you read the bill of exchange act.

So there's no such thing as paying a tax. That's they simplify it because you ever watch like a regular TV show and then go to watch like the ones made for young children, like pre-nursery school, like just like between Teletubbies between Teletubbies and Sesame street, something between there. Right.

That's the language that they use to the public about taxes. There's no such thing about taxes. Forget it.

What happens is a tax liability arises and they demand a payment from you, which is nothing more than a promise to pay. But because you don't know any better, you think you have to go out there and earn by working or investing somehow to give it to them. It's on your own fault on your own head.

If you're going to do that, you can ask the IRS is very good about receiving bills of exchange. If you follow the instructions that they give you and I've memorized them and I've got so much on my mind, I have a notebook here where whenever I'm on a financial conversation, I spew out what they should do. And I could hear the pages flipping, but I could give you, if you go to the IRM I used to know it's 10.48, but they go to the IRM manual.

That's their manual. And it wasn't supposed to be made public, but when it went public, it went public so big now they can't retract it and they don't want to redo it because you can't redo it. It's their manual.

If you redo it, you just what you've gutted their operations, right? So it's the IRM, which is the IRS manual 3.8.45.5.10.1 remittance instructions for the taxpayer wants to pay an outstanding, whatever, with a bill of exchange or registered bill of exchange, they can do so. They have to order it or give you permission to the campus to do so. And when they send it with the instructions to do so, whoever receives it in the campus has to send it to the treasury via air mail or the next day air, very important.

And they give you the office in the treasury. So in the instructions, you tell them and actually the office it's, it's in the IRM manual there. And when you look up that office to make it even stick, even better.

Once you put in all the information of the treasury office gives you the address and the, and the suite number, put it in the internet and you'll see the current director of that office. So don't only give the, in the instructions, the office also find it. His name is Steve, something slots, nickel, whatever, or Schwarzenegger, wherever you find the name and put the name on there to the director of the office.

And they just, it just goes away. It doesn't matter how much it is. It could be a billion dollars, a million dollars, a hundred thousand 90.

I saw one recently for 98,600, something just goes away. 300,000. I've seen goes away, you know? So yeah, there's no, it's all promises to me, but if you believe you have to go work to pay a bill, that's on your own, dude, that's your own head.

No, one's making you do that, but what's happening. Let me give a quick explanation on the money system. Someone put up a Twitter video, but blue aliens laughing on how everything here is given for us to use, but we create money that devalues itself and they're laughing, right? Like humans are rug.

That's fine. That's true though. We are on a planet that's self-sustaining, right? And someone had the idea while we were extracting whatever we needed from the earth to use.

Right? But then the idea came up via authority. It started with spiritual authority and people that impressed other people with magic tricks or whatever, or just bigger than others and compound you to the ground. If you didn't do what they said, they came up with the idea of starting to claim all these resources, whether it was agriculture, mineral water, they started claiming it and forcing others to do an exchange.

Like when, when the petroleum companies pull the oil out of the ground, the earth doesn't send them a bill. When the farmer harvests is all the, the crops, the earth doesn't send them a bill. You know, there's a sky, right? The fishermen doesn't get a bill from the ocean, but these people came up with the idea that if we can get the population to accept our authority and they have to give us more in exchange for what we got for free, right? Now, remember the labor that was used to extract those things is already taken care of by the way, right? And that's another discussion.

So what happened was this carries on with exchange of money. Money is nothing but portable land. Cause you're supposed to live off the land with everything.

You know, everyone's supposed to share, right? Not run with the scissors, whatever. But when you travel from the land that you're doing that, you need to bring portable land with you, which would be the most precious thing your land has to offer, which is precious metals. That's where we use precious metals.

So to make a long story short here, all that has gone away. And it's just a matter about, about, uh, everything's paid for. All you could do is order pay to the order of, or promise to pay.

Right? So you take the fishermen, takes the fish out of the water and he promises to give the water something back for it. Right? So everything is based on cooperation and demands and acceptances. Oh, I just mentioned the whole financial system, but what's been going on is it's been turned into a form of slavery.

Tech through technology, through, uh, the way cities are formed through culture, that those that know how this works do not share it with those that they want to take advantage of. Right? so they use ledger domain and Presto digitization. In other words, when a magician comes to town, a real good one, and he's going to saw a woman in half and they advertise that 500 people come and buy tickets to watch that.

Everybody knows that he's not going to saw a woman in half and put her back together, but they all go to see it and they don't, and they don't really inquire enough about how they could, no matter how much it's a secret, right? That's exactly how the money system works. Oh, you know, like if you go to court over the, let's say, you know, you sign a bunch of notes, pay for the car three times with your signature. You go to court over and just, if you want a free car, what was paid for from where, where did the funds come from? So they kind of try to play with this infantile logic on a system that no longer exists.

Like what, what's done with the application and stuff. If you say you want to use the application as collateral or go apply for something, they say, do you have proof of funds? Yeah. Proof of funds, the full faith and credit of the U S government asking me for proof of funds is saying, first of all, that I have nothing to do with the U S government.

I have paperwork to show that I do. Number one, number two, you're trying to say the, the full faith and credit of the U S government's not good, right? The U S government is 31 trillion in debt and that you're sending everybody checks for a thousand dollars and cashing them just fine. Yeah.

Where you want to see proof of funds in the U S treasury. I'll show you proof of funds in the U S treasury, 31 trillion in debt. I'm only a hundred thousand in debt, bitch, right? How come no one's using the most basic what's going on? I mean, because they've got everyone mind controlled and every, no one knows what they're saying.

I've seen people that are close to me. People are not close to me. I listened to what they're saying and pretty much 90%, if not a hundred percent with some people is what comes out of their mouths is oxymoronic.

They're actually contradicting like the last part of their sentence contradicted the first part of their sentence, you know? So it's like plus one and minus one. What happens when you put plus one and minus one together? And that's what you're getting out of everything. But anyway, all right.

We did a lot on this last time I got some comments. I was a very good Sonic. Okay.

That's fine. I'm glad you enjoyed it, but it's very frustrating to mull these things over, over and over and see that, like how, how just piss poor we are in our minds. This is all psychoenergetic problem.

It's going to get worse, by the way, it's going to get worse. It's going to be okay. This is what I would expect to people to expect.

Do you remember right after nine 11 for about a year, there was like this Muslim phobia. Anybody with a turban, even if they were Sikhs, suddenly we're terrorists, right? Yes. Right.

People in gas stations getting beat up. They're Sikh, right? I was working in those gas stations. I know full well.

Yes. Yeah. There's slots.

We have a lot of Sikhs here and people think they're must use dumb fuck. They're not, but you know, but anyway, they do have certain rights and rituals. They follow, you know, like cutting hairs, mutilation and this and that.

They have certain things. Their, their, their, their culture is based on being very advanced. Warrior ship.

They're very, very, very, very, you would never want to go into battle with them if they were prepared. Right? No. So they're fierce warriors.

Anyway, all this stuff. So you're going to have that nine 11 kind of fear, whatever coming up around finances and international affairs that are going to affect finances. Yeah.

It's going to be interesting to watch. So, okay. What else you got? So here's one of those weird questions.

If the Greek was stuck on a desert Island and could only bring three food items, what would he bring deserted Island? Cause desert Island is just sand and rocks and cactus deserted Island. I mean, isolated depends on the latitude, right? So let's say usually that, that terminology, there's islands off of Greenland and Iceland, and then there's islands off of the warm, warm. So if it's a cold place, you would definitely want to bring, uh, things that you could harvest animal products with weapons, uh, ability to keep warm food items would be, um, root root vegetables that you can grow in the snow, meaning you, you, you dig down, right? And the frost, uh, hot climate would be salt, which would be easy to do anyway.

If you're near the water, um, no, I wouldn't be concerned because food, here's the problem. Uh, food items that are perishable are perishable. So it wouldn't matter.

They wouldn't last very long. And food items that are not perishable are usually bulk items. So what am I going to do? Put like a cup full of Brown rice in a pouch.

How long is that going to be good for? Actually, you can live off of it for a month. If you know, that's all you have. Right.

I don't know. If you got more specific and you said like a hundred pounds of said food items or something, you know, I guess they're looking to see if you'd bring rice or whatever, you know? Yeah, probably a whole grain. Millet would probably be better than rice.

Millet. It's much smaller. And, you know, it's, it's more packed.

yeah, millet. I would do millet. Oh, before I did Brown rice for sure.

Yeah. But very, very consistent. By the way, millet and barley was the main.

Millet and barley was the main grain for Asia before Westerners went there and convinced them. Rice was a luxury item. Always.

As a matter of fact, if you watch some of the old Kurosawa films that are not that, you know, that much back historically with the samurai, the samurai were like, Oh, you have white rice. They offered like this one samurai payment by a meal of white rice. He's like, Oh wow.

You got white rice. Wow. You know, it's like, yeah.

Cause they eat millet and barley Asia. It's like the 1960s, the Kurosawa films, right? Yeah. And it was right.

So Asia was based on millet and barley oats, mostly barley and millet. Did I say barley and millet or millet and barley? Yeah, you did. Not rice.

Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, there was a continuation on the German medicine thing.

Cause remember you said, you know, pay attention. I think they did and continued to pay attention. From a, from a German new medicine article.

It is similar to what Greek says about cancer. Dr. Hammer's discoveries turned this paradigm completely on its head by demonstrating that quote diseases such as cancer are not as assumed malfunctions of an organism, right? Instead, significant biological special programs of nature designed to support an individual during unexpected distress. So they're linking you together with this, with this concept.

So I don't know. Good. Yeah.

Let's, let's work that. It's an, it's not a malfunction. It's an overall function.

So there's a, a bad through way on a road accidents happen or accidents do happen and have happened. So you have this overreactive force of vehicles come by and they got sirens and lights on that. Other vehicles normally don't.

Right. And the people look different and they're usually more brutal. They get out and they set up barricades to redirect the traffic.

And you, you know, even approaching an area like that, you're like, what's all this traffic. There must've been what, Oh, it must've been an accident up there. I see the lights, right? You can notice it from a distance.

So it's an over function. It's an over function. It's an emergency.

The, the, the, okay, let me just start it from what I've been saying for 20 plus or 30 or 40 plus years is cancer is what happens is you have energy. Okay. Look, you have energy moving through the body up on one side, down on the other.

Right. And then whatever. Right.

So when you start sending too much, that goes to one part of the body, the body's like, listen, you're sending too much to this side and it's, it's, I can't function. And you, and it communicates that by like various ways of not feeling well, it depends on the individual. So going back to the accident that you talked about, here's what would happen with an accident, right? The first thing is they would block off the area so that you wouldn't continuously have traffic.

So, so stop. This is important. So first you start getting signals of cramps, not feeling well, headaches, mucus on one side.

You ever hear people getting a mucus in one side of the year or ringing on one side of the air, but not the other ear. Yes. Right.

On one side, you'll have pain one nostril. Yeah. You'll have cramps.

You might be accidental on one side. You might always be bumping or cutting or hurting on that one side. And this happens for years and years.

And then finally a tumor or a very bad skin manifestation or a very dark spot forms. That's the end. That means like you were ignoring all the other stuff.

It was very subtle. Now we have to send, go ahead, Chuck, you're saying with an accident, you show up, go ahead. Now you send all the, you know, the, the people to block things off, to isolate it, redirect traffic, et cetera.

And you isolate that area so that it's now controlled momentarily. Yeah. I don't have the traffic.

Go ahead. Yeah. All the cops and wherever they show up, don't they look like a tumor anyway? Right.

I mean, you're right. They're not there. Normally, if you look at a helicopter view of that, instead of seeing a nice linear formation with movement, you see this big blockage.

Yeah. And they stick out from the sky down, you know, right. They stick out.

Obviously there's rest different. They got bright, bright lights spinning all over the place. Yeah.

It's exactly what the body did for you. Yeah. If you didn't, okay.

There are people that don't have the ability to form cancer. They die in their bed overnight. Personally.

No one. Jonathan butts. You could look them up.

CEO of natural action technologies died in his sleep at 49 of sudden death, not capable of forming cancer. He said he had liver failure to get into personal stuff. I'm not under HIPAA laws.

Am I anyway? You know, the personal stuff, but at one point he said he had a liver. He had a liver failure when nearly killed him. And then like a week later, he was totally fine.

It's like, wow. Total shutdown of the most versatile organ in the body. And then he got okay again.

And he didn't look okay for a while, but, and then he dies in his sleep. He didn't have the ability to produce tumors. Hmm.

Right. Obviously, or whatever. Cause I asked people, did he have cancer? No, they didn't just sudden death.

And I was like, Oh shit. And you hear about this often people dying in their thirties, forties, sudden death. they usually mark it as heart failure.

Sudden death is a more common one with the, with the injections, the COVID vaccines have been doing. Oh yeah. And there's actually a bunch of videos that haven't been taken down about athletes dying on the field.

Soccer player, boom, falls over, die, you know, people, even a couple of newscasters fell over and died while they're delivering the news. Right. So yeah, that's, that's like, uh, it's interesting if those, uh, if they know something here, what we already got a few, we've mentioned on the Sonic, what they're doing in terms of the injections, what they're injecting into your body.

They're not nanobots. We went into that. It's memory metal that expands at a certain frequency.

It's a tiny little coil of memory, metal nano size, and it reacts to a certain frequency. And when that frequency hits the body, it's no longer a very tightly wound coil. It expands into a linear piece.

So it acts as a, as a spear or a dagger going through the cell, right? Because the cell can accommodate a very, a very tightly rolled up ball of metal, but it cannot accommodate something. That's a tightly rolled up ball. And then suddenly expands into a 10 times.

It's with like a spear puncturing the cell. Right. So we know that they have that.

And the other thing would be maybe the MRA is actually a cancer inhibitor because they are talking about, uh, these things, injections to prevent cancer and people are welcoming. They don't know that that kind of thing will actually let you allow you to die in your sleep overnight or suddenly anyway, just entertaining the thought for you guys to think about. That's how to make sense of one of the private questions I got, which was, you know, does the Greek have any views on this weird sort of a two fisted approach from the Maha movement, which is a RFK juniors thing.

Like he's doing some good things that like a lot of people wanted to see done. And at the same time, the, uh, the government itself, literally doing the other stuff like you just talked about with the MRA thing is now going to expand and people think, Oh, that's good. They're going to do research on it, but no, what that's going to do is stop, which is a bad idea.

I believe. Yeah. I believe with a straight face, they could tell you to prevent cancer and people want to take it.

But preventing cancer is what allows you to die suddenly. Right. I believe that's a very good summation.

It's like super hyper rational what I brought up and, uh, it's most people have to hear that phrase several times for it to sink in because you've been bombarded for decades about, uh, cancer is something that needs to be cured. That's like, we need to cure roadblocks. You know, when there's an accident, we need to prevent roadblocks from happening.

That's it. I don't never that'll lead to even worse situations. So yeah.

Anyway. Yeah. Right.

Sorry. If you're, if you're listening to me on this planet, I'm sorry. Sorry.

They sent you here. Yeah. Anyway.

Okay. My apologies. My apologies that you've joined us.

Although somebody said it's a pleasure to, uh, be growing down with you quoting you from the last Sonic. Also, I wanted to let you know that there is a bunch and I'm just going to put these all together, but, uh, Mary weather and a bunch of other listeners, uh, wanted to say that they really appreciated a lot of connected dots from the very last Sonic, uh, that they felt as though that was a very good, you know, uh, they, they use words like truth bombs. I'm putting things together here.

So much gratitude for the info and effort that you put into this, uh, channel. Appreciate it. Thank you for answering these questions and putting it together.

And one good Sonic solidly, uh, et cetera. So I just want to let you know that there was a very positive response for that last one. Anyway, moving forward.

That wasn't even that, by the way, that was unplanned. That was all, that was all brought on because of someone who was analysis paralysis about the law questions. Right.

They had them. Yeah. They had one long and I, and I thought it was worthy to focus on that and it turned out to be it provoked something.

That's that's what, that's what it's. Yeah. Otherwise I've got all that stuff in me and more.

If you like that kind of stuff, go ahead and poke me with a stick on that subject. And I'll come up with more, uh, that I've learned over the years that seemed to be senseless and mindless to talk about just as we just finished saying cancer is actually a life extended reaction. And if you tell this to anyone, they're going to think you're nuts.

Cause you, they've been taught that it's a life terminating, uh, function. So anyway, Right. It's just like, you know, AIDS is a thing too, which, you know, by the way, that's why you had to say it was a metaphor when somebody used it before.

Yeah. Diabetes. Yeah.

Diabetes and AIDS is the treatment. They convince you it's, there's no such thing. There's no such disease at all.

Not even the only way you can have glucose measured in the body is in the urine. I there's, there's dozens of things you could read. They're still trying to figure out how to diagnose it in the blood.

And there's a lot of medical idiots out there that think that it's actually true. Another, another fallacy other than AIDS and diabetes is blood tests. Blood tests are total fallacy because if you know anyone that works in a blood testing lab, they walk in and each technician calibrates the equipment to their own blood.

Yeah. They have no benchmark and they never will because they don't understand it. It's not about go read the Flexner report.

And if that doesn't make you want to set your hair on fire and run down the street. And also I've been watching some of the drug ads that, you know, pharmaceutical ads, they very clearly tell you it's for treating symptoms. Oh yeah.

Very clearly. Now that's you, do you know that most people are quote unquote alcoholic and severe alcoholic? You know why? Oh, because they're trying to treat their symptoms and their life sucks. And instead of fixing their life, they treat the symptom, the sucky part with alcohol.

So if you think being an alcoholic, severe alcoholic is fine, then go ahead and take their farm. They're telling you it's no different than pharmaceuticals. That's a very strict analogy, very direct analogy.

Most alcoholics would tell you they drink because their life sucks. So why don't you change your life? No, I'd rather drink alcohol. That's why they call it self-medicating because that's what you're doing.

You are self-medicating for the same purpose. They're telling you they're going to give you a magic pill to fix everything, except you're doing it yourself. No, they're not.

No, they're not going to fix everything. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, right? So that's why it's all bullshit and these medical people are actually an extension. Okay.

You know how police are called paramilitary. Yep. Right.

So the, basically the the medical community is, as the, is the paramilitary medical, the purpose of the medical and medical. Okay. People that run the world would love to shut down all.

give you no medical care at all, zero whatsoever, and say screw you, right, but they don't do that because then they know the population would get together on its own and emerge with a viable system that works. So what they do is they distract you, come to us, come to us, same with university. People would be far more intelligent and well-read if all the schools and universities shut down, and it was self-encouraged to be autodidactic, right, so what they do is they lure you in thinking, you know, with this false thing, and the reason it comes from the military is because the way you stop an army or tactically slow down an army is by injuring the troops, not killing them, because it takes two good men, two uninjured troops to take care of an injured troop. 

Now if I were to form a military, if you're injured, you take a suicide pill or the guy next to you puts one in your head, no injured people, just like they say no prisoners, right, in the military that I would create is if you're injured and you can't move forward and proceed in a tactical advance, you have to take your own life or your life will be taken in 30 seconds, and you have to sign up for that, you know, it sounds kind of cruel, but you know what? You ever hear of the Spartans? Anyway, so yeah, that's a real military. The military we have is just a joke, like I said, after 9-11, and the society here is a joke, because if the military couldn't do anything about it, we need to immediately dissolve the U.S. military and bring in whatever allies we have to protect the country until we form a viable one. 9-11 was proof of that, so it's idiot, idiocracy, you know, all the way around, you know, so to me, the military, you know, I say humans are morons and military is just weaponized morons, right? And yet there's a common template for hierarchy, you know, where there are the uninformed troops on the bottom and all the way up to the people that command things, and they're supposed to know, there is a hierarchy, there's a business hierarchy. 

Yeah, the command people are financer people, they're, yeah, they're morons. Who's that idiot that was head of the army 15 years ago? He had a lot of controversy, he had an affair with one of his, what do they call, attachés, the young girl again, and he was like a weak-chinned guy. Petraeus. 

Petraeus, yeah, that moron. He said, he wrote a paper and spoke about it that he says that the U.S. never lost a battle in Vietnam. You can't show me a battle they won, right? Which one did they win? I mean, this is the kind of horseshit. 

Oh, am I beeping? Yeah, I walked really far away. Okay, all right, I can hear you. I'll be back in range within a second or two. 

No problem. I was making myself a coffee. All right, what else you got? Yeah, well, look, here's kind of, I combined a few things, so here we go with the last thing, and who knows what you'll do with this. 

Christianity is an interesting sect. As a small child, I was the only one who was not going to church on Sunday with the other kids. The local priest one day visited our primary school and said in front of the whole classroom that I'm the only bad boy there. 

I was six years old, and he really made me feel like crap, but I think this listener is grateful for it now, but he calls it an interesting sect. Your thoughts on that one? It is. Well, what the hell is he doing interacting with a six-year-old? He should be interacting with the parents of a six-year-old to then interact with you as an intermediary, right? So I would find that very, unless he was the one, yeah, so anyway. 

Well, he went to the school. I think they're all scumbags. Yeah, he went to the school, but, you know, here we go. 

I always think of fish, by the way, whenever I hear the word school anymore, because it's not really the proper human way to educate people, but anyway, no, it's interesting. We've spent a lot of time on the school thing, but with the priest, I think they're all scumbags because, well, no matter how helpful they are, ignorance of the law is no excuse, right? And the first thing I always say, I'm the only one speaking on this. It was an article I found out written about another Greek guy in the 1990s.

There is no crucifixion, no matter how much they write it in your translation. The Greek term stavros was actually a slang term, stavromenos, which means to be crossed or nailed down. It's kind of like now, like a slang term, like say, oh, what happened to, you know, Tom? Oh, he got screwed.

Does that literally mean someone went to the hardware store and got a Phillips head or a flathead screw and the wood screw or metal screw and put it? No. So there's enough references in there from the authority in the story. I'm not saying it's true or not, but let's stick, we don't have a license to change what's being conveyed, right? So if we're talking about Melville's Moby Dick, we can't say that the whale was purple with green polka dots because that's not the case, right? We can say that, but we have no license to say that it's in the book.

What's in the book is that Christ is brought to a chain of command, finally ending up with the prefect governor Pontius Pilate. In order to be a governor of a territory, you have to know the customs and laws of the people. He washes his hands of the matter, which is one of the ordinances in the Red Heifer, which means to absolve himself of any guilt because of a murder. 

He does, it's like pre, what do you call it when you do it before the fact? And he turns around, this is the book of Mark, and it's what they call it, a prima ficia case is what they call that. That's the first phase. That's something to do ahead of time. 

Go ahead. Yeah. Okay. 

Well, prima ficia means on his face, but okay. Preemptively, preemptive. And he tells the Judean authorities, I didn't say Jewish, Judean authorities to use their law and they retort, well, he says, I know you have a law.

It goes back and forth. You could read it yourself, right? So what's established is Judean law will be used, which is death by stoning. It's not Christ's crucifixion, but we're not that stupid in the Deuteronomy 21, it states how it's done. 

It's on a tree. And we know it's an almond tree because there's all these references to an almond tree. You probably missed that because you've over-signified to look at the olive tree with the olive branch and blah, blah, blah, and the amount of olives, but you forgot to look at the references regarding the almond tree. 

And especially with Moses, why am I building this seven branch lampstand? Make sure it has almond blossoms on it because that is blah, blah, blah, lights up on fire. So in book of Numbers, anything that is on a tree is cursed and to be burned. So the thing was set on fire, but his body, he wasn't burned. 

The other two guys were burned. Their femoral arteries were cut, blah, blah, blah. The Roman soldiers there, which are actually Syrian, the Romans didn't bring people from their land to, they just hired people that were locals, by the way, except for some Centurion, maybe even not, because it said, they spoke Aramaic, so he was probably Syrian descent also. 

They didn't know what was going on, so they had to explain to them, and he says, holy shit, that's Herod's robe. Well, that's going to get burned. No, I want it. 

No, I want it. Okay, cast lots for it. The people passed from the third to the ninth hour doing what? How boring is it for six hours to see someone nailed to a crew? They were throwing stones. 

They were participants. That's why there's a lot of things about the curse that was put on them. It says, you know, what you're going to do to the Jewish people, I mean, Judeans there in Jerusalem is going to be also put on their children.

They all participated. It took six hours, thousands of people doing this, throwing stones, right, and it's like a decomposed granite and limestone. It's a flat disk. 

Imagine a playing card made of slate. When you throw it and it hits you, it'll cut a piece of flesh off. It's not a river rock. 

It's very sharp, so all the flesh was torn off of his body, but no bones were broken. Didn't even look good, so all this is in the text. It's actually in the prophecies from hundreds of years before it happened also, so anyone's talking about a crucifixion doesn't know what they're talking about because they haven't read the text. 

They're going on what's called churchianity. Now, I agree what the church is putting forward is all BS, but if you go in the biblical text, you'll find that, you know, wow, but we have this thing, you know, it's how different, we have this thing that if you're reading, let's say, the book of Exodus and you saw the movie, that piece of shit movie with Charlton Heston, Ten Commandments, right, if you saw that before you read the book of Exodus, you're reading the book of Exodus. I don't care who you are unless you know what I'm about to say, which is having a clear mind and reading objectively, you're going to fall for what I'm about to say, Jason Breshears. 

I'm saying that friendly, affectionately. Oh, this is, I'm reading Exodus. This is where they're leaving Egypt. 

Oh, I saw this in the movie, and they read over everything real fast without reading any of the details at all, and they think the movie was accurate, but if you read the details, the wind blew all night from the east in the springtime, which means it could be as cold as 20 degrees Fahrenheit. Is that enough to freeze water? And they walked on the sea of reeds, which is fresh water, as if it were land, and in the morning, it says when the sun came out, Pharaoh pursued, but he fell to the bottom. He fell to the bottom like a stone. 

He fell to the bottom like lead. It says it three times. Now, let me ask you something. 

If you're walking through it, if you are already walking on the bottom, how can you fall to the bottom? It's like saying, I'm on the fourth floor, and I just walked up to the fourth floor. I thought you said you were on the fourth floor, and you walked up to the fourth floor, but you're already there. What else do you have? What you just said after that makes no sense, so you see, so yeah, and oh, my God, no one's paying any attention. 

The big one, the big tell is when you start using names like J-E-S-U-S, you never hear me using that. Occasionally, it'll come out, but I don't have to make a point, but that's like, oh, my God. You know, yeah, there's no common sense at all out there. 

Yeah, what's the internet is like very much? It's like when you, okay, there's billions of people on the internet posting, right, every day or whatever, billions. There's more posts on the internet than there are people by a factor of 100 maybe, and people are impressed by that, but how impressed are you by a sandy beach? How many grains of sand are on a sandy beach? Uncountable, right? It's finite, right, and it's all just a sandy beach, so I'm telling you, internet is just a sandy beach, dude. Yeah. 

You have to do it on your own. Well, the beauty of the process is that if you're dumb enough to not know what details you're looking for, then you're also happy with just not having an answer that is complicated. You know what I mean? It's that simple. 

The same skill set that would let you know you're wrong is the same skill set that gives you the confidence to think you're right. It's really, really fascinating when you think of it that way. You know, that's what we're looking at all the time. 

Well, you have to look at everything with a sense of purpose. What I mean is, okay, people ask me, what's a good book I could read? There's no such thing. You have to know the bad books also, right, because then you know that it's a bad book and not just hearsay, right? You have to read everything. 

Well, I don't have enough time to read everything. Well, that's your real answer. There's not enough time to read everything. 

The other thing is, I've read stuff, like, they used to have the, I call it the trash pile in the library, like, the books, misfit books that no one ever wanted to take out. Have you seen those in libraries? They have them. They put them out in a table. 

And there was one, like, one book I remember is back in the 80s, The 10 Worst Popes Ever, right? I was like, oh, that's a great book. No one wants to take that out. Okay, I want that. 

You know, and so you go through stuff. In other words, the circumstances, like John C. Lilly states, we're controlled by the ECCO, E-C-C-O, which is the Earth Coincidence Control Office. They control long-term stuff. 

We control the short-term stuff, right? It's kind of like what's that, not Minority Pro, what's the other one, the guys with the fedora hats going around Adjustment Bureau? The Adjustment Bureau is based on that. Yeah, exactly, because there was no concept before that. So go along with it. 

In other words, you have to always expect the unexpected, be prepared for the unexpected. Well, how can you prepare for something like that, right? So you have to have an open heart, right? Because your emotions and feelings in your heart will close you off to certain things. I'm not saying be open to things that you know are unlawful or distasteful, but you have to look at everything. 

The other thing is I'm a Yahwehist, right? And the reason why what really firmed me up as a Yahwehist is in Exodus 15, he says, Yahweh is a man, Yahweh is a man of war. Now, if he was Elohim or God, it would state that, right? So he's a man. And I've had several people look at that in various texts, and it does say man, ish, ish, and woman is ishah, which means flesh and blood man, right? With certain powers, let's say, certain, certain powers, whatever. 

And the part that got me is war, because if you think you're here to be peaceful, and if you think that peace is a matter of flower child bullshit, everybody holding hands, you're an idiot. The way you bring peace to a knife fight is not by showing up with a knife, you show up with a machine gun, right? So the way you bring peace to this type of world is with ordinance that they have never seen before, right? And ultimately, it becomes nonphysical ordinance, you know, and it's spirit, mind, right? And anything goes. And when you look at the laws of the Old Testament, more than three quarters apply to the temple function to priests and their families. 

So the other few that are left, apply to basically the way you do business, the way you eat what you wear, how you raise a family, how you negotiate time, and these other things. And those rules, by the way, even especially the ones that have to do with fitness or health, I've all panned out to be true. Right? I personally disagree with the circumcision. 

I'm not circumcised. Is that TMI? But anyway, it's just a piece of information. I don't see how it's too much. 

It just is what it is. Yeah. Okay. 

Yeah. So, but if I had a son, whatever, I probably wouldn't. Now here, what that this, the order of circumcision and man is made in his image means that the gods are not circumcised. 

So it can go both ways, right? It can go both ways because it's supposed to be a sign. It was in Egypt also, by the way, and make a long story short about this. Do you want to, would you rather be like a God or would you rather be like someone who has allegiance to a God? I'll lift that, you know, whoever can rationalize that. 

That's like a rabbinical, you know, how rabbis talk about stuff and they over-rationalize, right? Like, you know, why did this guy get eaten by a bear? Why did this guy die of sickness? Because he, you know, there were two innocent boys that he said a bear sick to bear on to kill them because they made fun of his head. You know, that's why, or no, maybe it was this or was that, but the simple rationale is the gods are not circumcised. I'd rather be like the gods and someone having allegiance to the gods. 

I think it trumps that, but that's not for me to say that's very personal. And I did give, that's a very personal thought. And I also gave a personal thing, right? So the best, the funniest thing was whenever I dated a Jewish girl and we're at, I said, you ever been with a guy that's uncut? And they're like, what do you mean? And we're like, oh, no, but anyway, that's another thing, right? Always have fun with that. 

But so either way you do what you want, but the rules work, by the way, you're, you're, you know, like the U S constitution, right? States that anything that's contrary to the constitution is null and void. So when the cops and whatever, pull you over and tell you all in the state of Florida, blah, blah, blah. Yeah.

But it's, that's contrary to the constitution. So it's null and void. You don't argue with those idiots, but you know, you just stay on that one point and it'll work out in the end. 

They might put you through torture in the meantime. And if you know what you're doing, you'll get a quarter of a million dollars for every night you're in jail, right? At least maybe 50,000 settlement, but that's still not bad. If you're in there for a week, that's 250 grand, right? So you're not going to get it right away, but on the, it could really be two and a half million. 

And believe it or not, what I just said happens more often than you would ever know, but you never hear about it. Right. The other thing is the, when you stick to certain rules and you see that they work out, it doesn't mean your life is going to be easy, smoothie, whatever, whatever. 

But in the end, it works out and you're like, Oh, I'm glad I stuck to my guns or whatever. Right. So that's, I found that works for me. 

The most people think it's just about certain food laws, which are open. Like for example, most people think it's about not eating pork. No, it's not about that selectively. 

No. If an animal, a four legged animal is to be eaten, it should chew the cud and have a cloven hoof, right? So you have a rabbit, you choose the cud, but he has a paw. So he's out. 

The pig doesn't chew the cud, but he has a cloven hoof. Now let's say a pig were born that chewed the cud with two stomachs. Let's say, is he edible? Hell yeah, baby back to pork bacon. 

You see, because it's not about no pig. So the, the most people take a very juvenile approach. Oh, it's all pork. 

Now in the Quran, it says you shall not eat the flesh of swine or flesh that's been found dead, like roadkill. And that's it. So they eat camel, they donkey, they eat shrimp. 

They love, they have no discernment in that, right? It's just these two things. And that there's no discernment, but the biblical text teaches discernment. I'm serious. 

If a swine started being born with two stomachs, I wish one did and chewed the cud as a cloven hoof. What would the rabbis do? They would divide them completely, right? Yeah, it would be edible. It would be, it would be. 

So for example, if you understand the old Testament, let's say you mentioned the deserted Island, but let's say we're in the Himalayas, unmapped territory, and there's species of fauna we've never seen before. We're starving the death and here goes this furry creature and we're tracking it. And we observe that it has cloven hoof. 

And we observe that it chews the cud. Now we don't know what the, we don't know what we're going to call. The only thing we can call it is dinner, right? Because it fits. 

Well, a juvenile will say, well, it's about not eating pork. Like when I go out to eat and I say, well, everything here has got swine on it. I don't dig on swine, Pulp Fiction, right? And, um, or something. 

And, uh, and they're like, are you Jewish? And I'm like, what does that have to do with it? You know? Uh, not at all. And there's, there was a very, um, very, very, what do you call liberal liberal? Oh, it's another word for liberal liberal. You know, it's like bending the rules.

Rabbi in the Bronx years ago, he had a liberal synagogue and he says, listen, the Torah, where he says not eating pork, that just means in certain restaurants, right? So that, that goes out of the rule that see, that's totally ignoring the discernment factor. Now you got to listen to what this guy says. And that's what I see going on on the internet period. 

Is that the same guy who said it's okay to eat Chinese food, any kind, because whatever, is that that same guy? Cause I remember a rabbi that was like, Chinese food doesn't count. I couldn't understand it. No, but there's a whole bunch of liberal. 

Are you kidding? I mean, Jewish people are probably modern Jews are probably the most liberal lot ever. You ever hear of the Bolsheviks that they're liberalism used to be something that was good. Like liberal arts means you have a little bit of everything or well-rounded and it turned into something that's basically destroying culture that works. 

And the worst thing you can do is start blurring the line between male and female, man and woman, because in the spiritual world, that's extremely venerated. In other words, the, the effect of being a man or a woman, there's not one over the other, by the way, if you believe that, then you believe everything else. You've probably been told that's not true.

The women was the head economist, meaning the head of the household. And even in modern culture, if anyone, if you go look at the Jewish community and you look at the Latin community, it's the grandma, that's the head of the household, like it or not, or know it or not. Right.

And I'm talking about in the household, not in the community and the community, it'll be the older men. So in the private, the it's matriarchy everywhere, pretty much, except for Asia. That's patriarchy, very pay so much that the women still walk behind them.

I've seen that here even right. And sit in the backseat. Have you seen that? Yes.

The Chinese? Yeah, they sit in the back, the women has sit in the backseat. So Rosa Parks, anyway, this is the veneration of the male and the female, the man and the woman is very high in the spiritual world. Of course, they're going to attack it. 

Right? A man who wants to be a woman, is extremely neurotic, very extreme. Neuro, what do you call psychosis? Mentally not well. Sorry. 

So anyway.