Okay, so rated Y, I think it's 228, but I don't know. Who knows? Maybe I'm losing count. Anyway, here we are. 

And how are you tonight, Greg? Yeah, how are you is a good question, isn't it? Everyone always asks that. No one really whatever wants the answer, do they? Well, nobody takes that into account. And I got to tell you, one of the weird questions I got this week, which I don't fully understand, actually begins on a how are you sort of question. 

Because look, emo work, you've discussed it in earlier Sonics, right? And that is definitely one of those things that everybody uses to judge how they are when you say how are you? Well, I'm happy. I'm sad is usually part of that question if they bother to say anything. Right? So anyway, yeah, what that's, that's really a big how are you is, is, I don't think that could ever really be answered, right? But that that's okay.

It's, it's, it's what they call a nicety. Right? And they're in, by the way, in Japan and Bushido, they don't ask that at all. In Japanese called traditional probably probably do. 

Now you know how I say what, if you want to know the country's been like USA, you Sonian? Yeah. Frank Lloyd Wright, the architect, he wanted to create you Sonia, which is USA. And then you know, another country within it. 

Okay, culture. And if the country has Levi's years ago, I used to ask, do they have leave? Can you buy Levi jeans in Japan? They're like, yeah, okay, then it's becoming Americanized, right? But anyway, back to the email. Yeah, email, big stuff, man. 

I've been working on it, doing some new findings with it, especially with weather work and the water work. Yeah, remember, you know, that you can never find anything new on that. Because remember, in the 70s, they had this thing called a mood ring. 

Oh, yes. Right. It was just a heat sensitive film. 

And it was it was relevant. It was relevant. And you know, it turned red and orange, and it turned blue and green, right? So yeah, I was always one of those. 

Yeah, I was always one of those kids where the mood ring didn't change. A lot of times when I put it on everybody else. Oh, look, I make it green. 

I make it blue. And I would put it on and be like, yeah, it's just stayed the same. A lot of times. 

It's temperate temperature. Yeah. Anyway, temperature sensor. 

So So back to the thing. Anyway, that's sorry, that reminds me that this has been looked at forever. Yeah, the email thing, but it's just never openly discussed like we are. 

So anyway, right. Well, somebody is working with it. Okay, I'm just gonna give you that context for the long part until they get to the question. 

And they've been working with it. And they were curious, is there a particular best default or starting time of day, comma state of mind? Or is this kind of work a fully loaded, energetic, or fully unloaded energetic best activity? So we're going all over the place with this question, but I think you understand none of that. Okay, none of that scratch all that. 

No, it's none of that. Well, I was going to go back to the early discussions. Yeah, yeah. 

Well, I was thinking it's like asking quick. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, it's a bodily foot. 

That's fine. The echoes coming back and went away. I got used to it not being there. 

Yeah, whenever I'm on this stupid rectangle, the known as the iPhone, an earlier iPhone, it gets an echo. So no, the, the the purpose of discussing the emo is because it's an attribute that we have. It's a sense. 

So it's more than a sense. It's what would you call an ability that we have just like walking, and all these other things that we do. And it's never been acknowledged. 

It won't be by the system. The current system is a system of control. Don't want you to know anything. 

You might back me up on this. Maybe I don't I know I wasn't hallucinating. But more than once, I've seen a quote, an ex director of the CIA says that you are our job is done when everything the American public believes is a lie, right? Am I close or off? No, absolutely true. 

William Colby is most often attributed with that quote, but others have been given a similar quote. And it's exactly the same. Here's the funny thing about this emo thing, though, to me, is as you describe it as one of those abilities, then one could kind of conversely ask themselves, when is the best time to walk then? Right? It is all situational. 

So it appears to me as though, you know, their question, they should be able to answer it, they're going to find that things are situational as to when it's best to do certain things, right? It's not always a good idea to run. It's not always a good idea to walk. But in certain situations, that's the only thing.

Yeah, good. So well, here's the thing, the most effective use of emo is when you don't know you're effectively using it. A very strong desire to help someone afar, right? People say send healing energy, you will actually feel that hug, just like when you gesture a hug or get a hug, there's an emotional feel a body feel that you have, right? An emotional, physical feeling you have. 

And you'll notice that if you really desperately just cry out to whatever, it'll be similar to that. Right? So just like the guarding, when you guard yourself, just desperately cry, you're trying to guard yourself, it will come out, it'll be very similar to when you're accused of something that you didn't do, or it's even stronger if you're accused of something that you did do and deny. Denial is very powerful, very powerful, by the way. 

Yes. So you're gonna most people are using this is nothing. I'm just saying take control. 

It's kind of like with the contracts, right? You know, I see banks don't lend money, you know, they just take your instrument, get it cashed, and then turn it into a loan. Oh, my gosh, you know, do a read your contract says it very plainly. And let's see. 

The most very plain. Yeah, let's see if it's very, very plain. Yes, please. 

Let's see if I've learned something here, then let me try and help this question real fast. Last thing, and then we'll move on. Anybody could think about this and say they've already experienced the use of emo, with people not realizing it, you walk into a room, and there is somebody who does have an aura about them that they actually just put out. 

And it does change the room, right? Yeah, everybody's been in an experience where somebody comes in, they change the dynamic of the room, simply by who they are, what they're projecting the emo that they're actually carrying with them, knowingly or otherwise. And that's just the way it is. And you notice when you're in the presence of people without them doing a thing without them saying a thing. 

They are projecting already because of exactly this thing. And all you're saying is that you can be conscious of it and take control of it. Am I right or wrong? Right? Okay, exactly. 

And you could test it, you can test it just like with the weather work, just don't go out and start swinging devices around and see if there's a change engineer it say like, well, we're gonna do this this way, because it'll make rain and look, there's no rain in the forecast, right? Or we're gonna do this and stop the rain, because there is rain in the forecast. So it's engineering, like recently, I was out, and there were these two women, and it was the typical American woman dialogue where one is speaking, and the other one's looking at the other one saying, when is she going to shut up so I can speak? Right, right. And, and then the other one speaks on the ones like, when is this bitch gonna shut up so I can speak right? And I was like, Oh, I'm gonna make this this one go to the bathroom real bad in a panic. 

So the first thing I did was, regardless if it's a pool, a beach, a bathtub, when you know, when you first immerse yourself in warm water, there's an emotional reaction because the water is electrically charged, you know, it grounds you. And even take an extreme example of the power of water, what happens if you're in water in a blow dryer or toaster falls in it, right? So without a GFI, right protection, so you get electrocuted. So the all water that you jump in will have an electrical reaction. 

So what I did was I combined the emotional feeling of going into a warm bath with an electrical shock around the bladder. And she was like, I waited and said, Oh, it didn't do anything. I waited about 30 seconds. 

It didn't do anything. Yeah, I'm gonna try it again. As soon as I said, let me run through that cycle again. 

So is there a bathroom here? I got to use the bathroom. And I said, God, let's put this bitch in a panic. She goes, Where's the bathroom? You know, I don't believe they don't have any signs here.

Where are the signs for the bathroom? Fine. I need some help. Where's the bathroom? Oh, wow. 

Wow. Wow. Is it Greek? You're a jerk. 

Greek, you are such a jerk. So the weak minded, right? Just like in Star Wars. These are not the drones you're looking for.

You're free to go. We're free. You know, whatever is true is that's the best. 

That's the best thing I had a movie that ever showed. You can do it, especially with the quote unquote, weak spirited. You know, that was very weak spirited. 

That always kind of pissed me off about the whole Jedi mind trick thing. It only really seems to work on the weak minded with the Jedis. You notice that like it never works on the bad guys. 

It's like those guys are always very determined, very clear minded. Exactly. So that means it'll work on 99 percent of your family, 99 percent of your friends, 99 percent of your coworkers, 99 percent, 99.9 percent of people around you. 

Yeah, you stole my. So that's that's pretty good. I got you. 

That's some pretty good odds, though. No, in real life, that's pretty good odds. It's good odds in real life. 

But you're killing me because you stole my punchline. But that's OK. Let's move on to some other. 

That's fine. It's OK. Let's move on to some weird random stuff, which is has the Greek ever heard of German new medicine? I don't even know what that is, frankly, but German new medicine. 

Is that a particular thing? Yeah. But if you if you hear anything coming out of German or Japan, pay attention because, you know, the whole system is based on stupidity and control. I just I was shocked. 

I was sitting down having some beef tacos that I made. I did a bunch of New York strip steaks yesterday and stovetop potatoes. You know how I just put tears with carrots and onions and cooked enough, like five pounds of everything just so I don't have to cook for the next few days. 

And it's really good. Leftovers are eaten cold or are great also. So I made some beef tacos and I sat down, put on a YouTube beef street tacos, Mexico, OK? And these ads come on.

And I told Linda, I said, are these ads getting addressing like, in other words, the vocabulary, the demeanor, the the way that the message is delivered is dumber and dumber and dumber. Like not only are they speaking to immature children, but like dumb children. Right. 

I'm like, whoa, this is really bad. And then another ad comes on different products and it's all really, really dumb. Are we being dumbed down? And the control structure requires, in other words, what's coming requires such a juvenile mindset and dumb mindset that's even worse than it's ever been. 

Wow. Yeah. Right. 

So, yeah, that's what's coming. So anyway, I do derail the question there. What was the question? Oh, yeah. 

German new medicine. Is that a you know, where has the have you ever heard of it? Was there. Yeah, that's that's where that's that's where I was like, if you hear anything coming out of Japan or Germany, pay attention. 

But I hope they're not. Oh, my gosh. The thing that really breaks my heart. 

I know Americans are dumb. Most people who Southern Europeans are dumb. But when you talk about I feel my heart's broken. 

I hear they're dumbing down the Germans and the Japanese. Right. But anyway, because those for those people, those two groups, by the way, are for the past two centuries are the ones that really provided a lot of the technological, let's say, not the actual technology invention and devices, but the wherewithal to have them built in a fine in a way that, you know, the product lasts, let's say. 

Right. And a good engineering. Right. 

Because most of the inventions are American, let's say, or non Japanese or German. But they're produced by Japanese and German and refined. Right. 

So I hate my heart. I just my heart goes out to those people because that means we're really screwed now. And when made it right. 

So gotcha. Anyway, it used to be made in made in junk. And then it went to like, wow, made in Japan now is excellent. 

Right. And and whatever. Anyway. 

Yeah. It just I never heard of it. But I'm just saying it's if put it this way, from my point of view, my book, if it's German medicine, you should look into it. 

Yeah. OK. Excellent. 

I don't know it. I never heard of it. Never heard of it.

Fair enough. But but indeed, I mean, that would be something new, though, for sure, because, you know, as you said, there hasn't been any changes in things like medicine in, you know, 200 years, pretty much. So, you know, because, well, the teens, 120, they dumbed it down, because if you listen carefully, I say people learn how to read with comprehension, listen with comprehension. 

What I mean by that is you want to treat something. All they do is treat something, treat the symptoms, treat the symptoms, treat the symptoms. It's never about fixing you or being unsecure. 

It means you're going to stay sick. You're just not going to feel or look sick. Right. 

So, yeah, Flexner, Flexner reports. That's why I tell people there's no more medical research because the Flexner report was was adopted as medical standard and said that only current medical standards will be applied when that was 1912, 13, 14, 15, whatever. So everything else is retarded, which which I do know people in the medical field that try to get patents. 

And it's like, oh, my gosh, try to get a medical patent. I'm talking about not pharmaceuticals because they wrapped up with the inner sanctum of the patent office and all that. I'm talking about just some guy practicing what he has a device.

And I know someone like, for example, most ER cases, people that come into emergency room have a displaced hip. Right. The femur comes out of the the socket out of the hip bone.

Oh, yeah. And they have to pop that back in. It's one of these unusual things like like half the people that go to ER, especially at night, have that. 

And he and usually it takes an orderly and two people, three people to set it back in. And he developed a device that one doctor can do it. One medic can do it. 

So and it's been like 15 years and they won't issue him a patent. And it works really. But anyway, that would be useful to speed up that process, because otherwise you've got to direct multiple people to do it right.

And and I've done that, you know, with somebody before I've had my own shoulder. My shoulder redone is even a pain in the neck. Well, this is this is hip and femur.

I had also. Yeah. Yeah. 

What they do is they had me stand outside and you could see something's wrong because you look at your reflection yourself and you're two inches lower on the side. They came out and you're like, oh, that looks weird and I can't move it. And it's numb.

And the orderlies come says before you see the doctor, we're just going to pull your arm on three and they go one and two and they pull it on to. Right. Right. 

So. Yeah. So anyway. 

Yeah. Well, that's that's actually an effective way to do it, though. Anyway, would appreciate insight into the difference of using a translator. 

Now, look, in parentheses, they put no water versus a water gun, whether assuming the devices are the same exact material and dimensions. I recall there is a tunneling effect when using a water powered device. That's their whole question, by the way.

I need more information on what it means by tunnel effect, because when I did the weather seminar I spoke on, I'm paraphrasing, I might have used these exact terms that water gun is a disintegrating ray put on any sci fi cartoon or Star Trek disintegrating ray. Right. Whatever you point the water gun to, it's a disintegrating ray. 

It goes away. Right. It's like an eraser.

There was an old Looney Tunes cartoon where they show the guy with an eraser right on the cartoon character. So that's what it does. The water, the translator, the dry translator is not that you want the translator to be built in a way where it represents a lower ethereal potential than its environment. 

So it feeds the environment. Right. Because low to high.

So I don't know what the tunneling effect is, but someone recently asked me about the health benefits and whatever on the water gun. And I do have testimonials on this. A strong water gun or well grounded with good water flow can be used as a temporary pain reducer. 

Like if you have a bad toothache. Right. And it's two in the morning or, you know, soreness or whatever. 

Yeah. I used to go out, you know, maybe I could save the tooth and it hurts real bad, you know, just now it's just extracted. But then it was like a turn on the water gun, put my face about six inches from it in 10 seconds. 

The pain is gone. Right. And it stays gone for a while. 

Right. So, well, yeah, that's interesting. I mean, I've seen a native person do the thing with the stone, which is which is interesting as well. 

I think that's a magnetic consideration and it does actually alleviate the pain temporarily as well. Well, you have the if it concentrates the ether. Yeah. 

It will result in a lower potential feeding the ether. If it disperses the ether, it results in a higher potential. It'll make a hole. 

Right. That's what the water does. So, yeah. 

Yeah. I really don't know. I just know if I how many times I push this member, push this button, this happens. 

That's all I know. Right. It's not that bad. 

But we do know we do know it requires grounding water and layering. Right. So so just specifically message to that listener, Joe, a little more information, maybe. 

And we'll definitely readdress this question. Thank you. Specifically on tunneling. 

I've heard your turn term is used often and I don't know how he wants to use it here. OK, the tunneling term. Fair enough. 

So I've only got one more piece here and it is could the Greek explain why a 15 minute nap can recharge us when dead tired? Now, that could be an interesting question of itself. But what is it about this 15? Because it's not like, you know, we're set on a clock here. Exactly. 

But what about the short nap and the fact because it seems to me like a lot of what's done in sleep. Yes, it's great to get, you know, a good amount of sleep. But a lot of that time may be wasted because the process is all that's required as opposed to the rest to reset certain things. 

That's my answer to that. But you might have a better one as far as why is he made? Two reasons. It's not as physical as it is mental. 

Like if you really take a bonafide nap, which means you're out like a light, you're not conscious. You might even go into a dream state. Your consciousness pops in somewhere else. 

It's being used somewhere else. And what happens there and when you come back is whether or not you are refreshed or not. Like, for example, lately, when I take a 15 minute nap, I come back and I'm totally drained. 

And the first thing that goes in my mind, where the hell did they take me? Right, right. So for example, if you take a 15 minute nap and you go to another world where you're getting a massage and you have a semi athletic Latin call girl rubbing your feet or whatever, you might come back refreshed, right? But if they send you in another world where they give you a lightsaber and you have to fight Darth Vader or whatever, you come back and you're like, shit, now I have sleep inertia. I need two more hours, right? Oh, yeah. 

So the physical, the physical part. Yeah, you know, if you don't sleep, what is it about seven days, you can die. It's even less than that more like four or five. 

Actually, I was on a meth trip once for three days, I remember. And anyway, I didn't even know what it was. I was at a party. 

And these two guys, these guys, anyway, they market NASCAR stuff. I didn't know that it's like $13 billion a year. You know, a long time ago, it's amazing how much money is in some things that people don't think of much, you know, it's like, well, that can't possibly make a lot of money. 

And there is a lot of money and things like I'm amazed sometimes that exactly my gosh, but I've seen that I've seen the hats and the jackets, they're very expensive. But anyway, so he they bought these two mansions next to each other and combine them and made one big complex and the strippers here, everything closes at 2 a.m. So they would go and hire everything closes at 2 a.m. I don't know where you are. They're like 2 a.m., 1 a.m., something like that. 

Also, not like New York. Yeah, no, anything other than like New York. New York's a whole other experience. 

But everywhere else in the country, two o'clock in the morning is usually your dead limit, no matter where you are. Maybe Vegas. Yeah, it was a deadline. 

So so they would ferry these these sorry, Vegas isn't. Well, I'm sure there's lots of places, you know, but not not I can even imagine. Well, you know, in northern Europe, Stockholm and Netherlands, you know, Germany. 

But yeah, they have this thing. So anyway, they put this. Yes, I show up and I see these half naked women walking everywhere and like, oh, these are strippers we bring up here or whatever. 

So this guy comes through the door and he opens his brown paper bag and he starts handing stuff out. Everybody's looking at it. A little baggies is all. 

Let's try it right now. So he walks up to the bathroom vanity. We're in one of the bedrooms. 

You know, those big globe lights that they have on bathroom vanities. Oh, yeah. You know, the big, like cosmetic lamp. 

It's a light bulb. It's just a big glass bulb with a little filament, like twenty five watts or whatever. It looks like a big round one, like the big round balls they used to get all the way around a mirror, like for makeup mirrors and backstage, old, old backstage mirrors. 

Yeah, exactly. But a non non frosty one. She unscrews a bulb. 

I say, what the hell? And he breaks off the stem, dumps the stuff out, puts this pinkish colored powder in there and lights it with a lighter. And everybody's passing around inhaling it. And I'm like, take some. 

Like, what the hell is it? Just take some. Oh, yeah. Right. 

And I'm like, what the hell is this? Right. So it's like burnt plastic. Right. 

And I'm like, you guys are just out of control, man. You guys are. This is, you know, whatever goes in. 

And just people just kept coming over. And I'm not going to mention. Actually, no, I'm not going to mention who was there. 

And I usually do mention them. Right. Let's just say local politicians, children. 

Right. Boy. Yeah. 

Like senators, like senators, children. So that's why I want to. I think, by the way, this is getting off years ago, back in twenty fifteen or so. 

I think when we stopped, Ocelli in the Greek says, how are you doing? This is I'm working with this woman. She's a Korean businesswoman. And she just left Hunter by the vice president's house in Florida. 

Hunter Biden. He's a real nut job. Yeah. 

Twenty fifteen, twenty sixteen. I do remember that. And I remember thinking of you every time the laptop was brought up, like I was wondering, are you in any of those pictures? Because you could have been there just around. 

No, I was there. But she she she went to go visit to do some business stuff because you go with water, believe it or not. And he says, I don't care about this. 

Come on, take your clothes off and do this and do that. And she came back shocked. She's no, I don't bother with the vice president. 

So there's a total free. I think I reason I'm bringing this up on the side, because I remember discussing or bringing it up to you. Yeah. 

The vice president's son. And then later on, we see a 10. What is it? Ten years later or nine, eight, eight, nine years later. 

And I'm like, oh, I knew about that. Yeah. First, not first and second hand. 

Yeah, it was like eight years. That's why I cracked up when I first started hearing about the laptop, because not every picture in the laptop is him with a crack pipe dressed in, you know, women's clothing. There are some regular pictures of just people coming in and out of his place and stuff like that. 

I mean, I'm not talking about the laptop or whatever. That's normal because people take pictures all the time with these digital devices. If it wasn't a laptop, it would have been a scrapbook film for digital devices. 

People used absolutely developed film and put it in a scrapbook or that. No, actually, they didn't even do that. Sorry if they were smart. 

Kind of content. Yeah, they were right. Yeah. 

It's all full rights. Yeah. Because you don't want photo viewing what you're shooting. 

Right. The thing was that it was a total degenerate. And I was trying to bring that across that because I've seen it also the level of degeneracy and the people are supposedly authorities because they're not really authorities. 

They're only authorities because they took advantage of the credit system. And yeah, it's really bad. It's really bad. 

You and I like a private communication started talking about how the sons and daughters of a lot of these people are like really out there as like, you know, like tornadoes of debauchery. I think that was what I said, because it's always been that way. It's always been that way. 

But we talked about, you know, you ever see the drug problem. Right. You hear about drug problem recently or whatever. 

And then you go back in the 60s. Oh, they had a drug problem there. Right. 

Yeah. In the 50s, they had a drug problem. LSD was legal, by the way, when it first when it was first put out, when it passed the initial testing, it was legal and prescribed right forms of LSD, lysergic acid to housewife preferred to treat depression for a short time. 

I don't even think it was a year. Well, everything goes. Everything is until the government demands. 

So it's everything is legal until the government demands are cut. I mean, cocaine and heroin were available for sale right out in the open until what? Sometime around the same time that they made what alcohol legal. Right. 

I mean, it was almost the same time period. It's mixed mixed bag. Remember that reefer madness propaganda movies, just like they do propaganda movies that Arabs are terrorists and all this other stuff.

But I'm talking cocaine was legal in 1901. Cocaine was something you could buy. Oh, in part. 

Well, yeah, of course it was. Well, it was Coca-Cola was famous. It had it for a short time. 

And people died from the issue of Coca-Cola because, you know, it's a hell of a drug, right? Can't get enough of it. Yeah, you really can't. And the it was included in a pocket theory, really. 

There was a very big you could look this up on morphine addiction in the eighteen hundreds, the entire eighteen hundreds, especially after the what you call the American Civil War, the when all the insane asylums were built, were built. Oh, yeah. The sanitarium, you know, massive sanitariums. 

Yeah. Yeah. But here's the massive morphine addiction.

But it was so commonly sold. And I brought this up to you many times. It was so commonly sold that products for women were basically, you know, booze and morphine in a bottle.

And it was there for what their period cramps. I mean, let's be blunt. And that's what it was sold to them as like this. 

This is mama's little helper to make you not feel so angry once a month. I mean, yeah, everything before. And before that, it was the opium. 

Right. You can go look at the opium wars and all that other stuff. And the opium goes all the way back to Roman times because they had massive trade with Asia and China. 

Oh, yes. And it's not really China. It's Afghanistan.

And I think it could be grown in Turkey. It has to be a certain altitude and a certain temperature. Right. 

That's why, you know, like, for example, the coca plant has to be grown at high altitude. And when they were showing videos of the war on drugs, burning the cocaine fields down in Columbia on sea level, I was like, that's all fake because you can only grow the cocoa plant at three thousand or five thousand feet and higher. Right. 

Just like when the covid stuff came out, they were showing full hospitals. And that was from some ferry boat accident in Italy 15 years ago. Right. 

People on ventilators. Right. So, yeah, it's insane. 

No one can make sense of anything. If they keep people confused and afraid, they'll never be able to use proper logic. Right. 

And I think that's I think it's getting worse, sadly. And opium was well beyond, oh, it's an addictive problem. And it got into it was actually weaponized and brought to those populations in order to decimate them, where they just kind of dumped it in there. 

It was really cheap. And it is really your friends, you know, from Great Britain that utilized it as a weapon for, I don't know, five hundred years easily. It was just like it was just like the health care here is now you had to buy it when you're in Asia. 

You had to buy it. You had to buy a certain amount of opium or you were taxed to pay the taxes like now you either get the health care or you pay five hundred dollars eight. Right. 

Which is eight. Oh, my gosh. I should it should be eight thousand if you're that stupid to not know how to get out of that. 

But that's OK. I mean, and look, I was never as well as, you know, in the Bible says, don't say that because you were like that, too. I was never, ever, ever fell for all that authoritarian tax regulation stuff. 

I always knew it was a what do you call a ruse and a prank to the ignorant and those that are easily fear fearful because at a very young age, I've had several older people say you better read the U.S. Constitution because most of the stuff that you discover as you get older is unconstitutional. Of course. And all I had to hear was the tax is unconstitutional. 

And I always knew if I ever had to get involved with those guys to bring up the Constitution, they'll tell you that doesn't apply here. Well, then you don't apply here. Right. 

That's what do they call it when you when you go against the government or the authorities? It's called it's there's a term for it. I can't recall it right now. Sedition, sedition.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 

But ultimately, when you start looking at how they do it, it's because it's all trust law. Right. Right. 

But I didn't know it was eight hundred, but it doesn't matter. I actually I hope it goes up to like ten thousand and really punish those that believe in it, because that's how the Catholic Church does the same same stuff. Right. 

They like the Catholic Church sells indulgences right to go to heaven. These credit people are. Oh, my gosh, it's so ridiculous. 

It's it's really bad. You really got to think twice. When I see people involved with like income tax and all this other stuff and health care and whatever, it makes me think twice. 

It's like, are you that weak that going along with it is easier? I'm not saying fighting and getting out of it. Is it that are you that weak of an individual, you know, or whatever you want to call yourself to fall for that system? And the answer is yes. Most people, even today, I bet most of our subs are subject to it and they don't do anything about getting out of it. 

Maybe we should do what depends on how much response we get. I'll just post the codes. There's a few very simple codes.

All you got to do is state that if you it's solely voluntary. It's one of the CFRs. Actually, I should bring it up and read it. 

It tells you that if you're an employee having withholding and you don't want withholding anymore, it's just simply make a sworn a statement that has to be sworn. It has to be without the United States. I could show you that code, too. 

There's statements with the United States and without the United States. And it's funny with the United States. So you swear the penalty of perjury, but without the United States is you swear under penalty perjury according to the laws of the United States of America. 

That's without the United States. Very interesting. But all you got to do is make a statement and give it to the employer. 

And that's it. And you give them about a week and they have to stop pulling taxes out. And of course, watch the sparks fly. 

Right. Right. And well, ultimately, what happens if you do it right, you just send a copy of the IRS and the IRS will call the employer and say, don't take any more taxes. 

He did all the proper stuff. It's funny when the accountants at the company say, I never heard of that. You have everybody has to pay taxes and then they get a from the IRS telling them to stop. 

It's like what a wake up call. Right. Yeah. 

Yeah. Yeah. It's really sad. 

The condition that people are in just in general, you know. You know what? I did have one more little thing. And I wasn't sure if we've already gone over this because it sounds familiar.

We may have covered this already, but let's just double check. A question for Chuck and Greek. If humans have a line of credit, their signature in parentheses that apply. 

OK, OK. It's prepaid upon birth, they're saying. And would there be a financial incentive to slaughter the actual person since governments get paid in full up front and are looking to do with that? OK, I'm just has nothing to do. 

I see. But go ahead. Go ahead and finish. 

You know, I just want to give you the whole thing. Would there be a financial incentive to slaughter children since governments get paid in full up front and are looking to minimize expenditures by removing them from existence? Now, my first reaction to this is that as you continue to, you know, gather so-called expenses as you're going through, you're still generating just by living. You're generating more and more of this. 

It doesn't work that way at all. OK, my mother doesn't work that way in slaughtering children or whatever. The worst thing that I've seen happen. 

Let me just put it this way out of war. The worst thing I've seen happen openly with the credit system other than the financial crashes like tarp and covid was that doge thing with Elon Musk. He just went in there and got all the private QCIP numbers attached to Social Security numbers to fund his campaign that he's working on. 

Right. So that's that was like amazing because no one knows how this system works. And those that do or don't have platforms to discuss or like us have 10 subs, you know, whatever. 

So no one's getting any information. And and the people that are out there talking about this, you know, the one guy says one thing, the other one says another. Yeah, the credit system works this way very simply. 

It's actually based on the Constitution. The government was set up with certain tasks besides military protection and and whatever is to print print and coin money. True. 

Now, to put this in perspective, you can objectify anything political, anything social by making a list of how you are going to objectify qualitatively and quantitatively. I could say this surely, which by the way, the coin was the worst president. You're coining and minting money, by the way. 

Guess what? They don't actually do that. They have the Federal Reserve to do that. So quite honestly, they're not doing one of the things they're supposed to do. 

Reserve does. Well, no, there's a print in minting office that does it. The Federal Reserve puts the control over it. 

No, the government still prints everything and does everything. The Treasury checks. The Federal Reserve is just the trustee. 

Yeah, that's the worst president the United States has ever had without a worst president. The United States has ever had by a long shot. I mean, so clear it is FDR. 

Why? There's never been a parliamentary government monarchy dictator in the history of mankind that has ever told its population to surrender its gold. You could find the worst government that ever existed. Even they never did anything as drastic as that. 

And the American people went for it. Right. That's how they set them up to do that. 

Right. Does it matter? That's why it's land of the slave freedom. But even back then, we're better off now than we were back then, by the way, believe it or not. 

Yeah, kind of by a long shot. It's kind of amazing. There's a is the worst.

Yeah, there's a there's a former college professor just really quickly right now who, you know, got himself retired from his prestigious position. I'm not going to name him, but because he started writing about and trying to explain to people exactly point by point how FDR was basically an American dictator who was at war with the Constitution and the people of the country completely all the way around with the historical data they've collected. And it's amazing that he's like a liberal icon. 

He started writing about this. And all of a sudden, you know, he no longer had a position in academia. They even pulled his books, all kinds of stuff. 

But he's still writing it now. He's still doing it. But it's kind of amazing. 

He's one of those guys who went, wait a minute, I've been sort of lied to here. The only one that could have possibly overshadowed him would have been Reagan by pushing the button and launched a full on strike on the Soviet Union with a full on retaliation that would be possibly a runner up to that. You don't think Wilson was pretty bad? Woodrow Wilson? No, not at. 

Well, no, not as bad as FDR. No, not as bad as FDR, as bad as FDR. He didn't ask.

He put the Federal Reserve in. But here I'm not here. I'm not against the Federal Reserve at all.

I'll explain. OK, because. OK, so the emergencies have now gone away. 

They're never going to go back to substance back money. And so everything is in a trust. That's why I in one of the Sonics, a hundred Sonics ago, I said, go look at that guy with the toupee, the congressman, what he said on the floor in 1992. 

What's his name? Doesn't come to mind right now. He's a funny congressman to pay. But anyway, he talked about the United States as the largest bankruptcy in world history. 

Right. Right. So everything is done by trust.

Everything is done by trust. Like, for example, if you go look at the critical satire cartoons of the eighteen hundreds, they have these big fat guys as railroad trust, mining trust, oil trust, petroleum trust. Everything is in a trust. 

You call corporations whatever you want. There always is always a trust and a trustee relationship. If you have one of those God forsaken things known as a college diploma hanging on the wall, go read it. 

What does it say here by the trustees of the university declare that this person has enough credits to get a bachelor's degree or whatever? Everything is done by trust. So this person bringing up whatever you know, slaughtering children or whatever, that's nothing compared to the overall thing about the trust. Sixteenth Section 16 of the Federal Reserve Act states that actually the Federal Reserve Bank in general, it's more than one place, I believe, using Federal Reserve notes, which is anything basically checks, credit cards, low, whatever, whatever you want to call it, cash money. 

They're all constitute Federal Reserve notes is a mortgage, a first lien mortgage on all persons and property in the United States. Right. America. 

That's everyone agrees to that. No one's ever gone after that. So but here's the here's the thing about the credit thing, because they took your ability to pay away. 

They have to pay for everything for you. But they can't let you know that because it'll collapse the labor market. Right. 

No one will want to go to work because everything's paid for. So they have to do that. Now, let me just give the positive side. 

The Federal Reserve Act plainly states that if anyone is applying for Federal Reserve notes like member banks and associations, financial institutions, you guessed it right. If you have a license to go to their window. Right. 

They they have to bring collateral and the application is the collateral. Whatever number is on the application, we're talking about the application. Right. 

That produces the funds. So give me an example. Let's say you're going to go buy a car for, let's say, 50 K. You apply for it. 

They go get the 50 K from the application and then you do what's called a purchase and sale agreement. Right. And then they go get another 50 K and then you do maybe a buyer seller agreement and they go get another 50 K. So you've created one hundred and fifty thousand dollars. 

And then they task you is they give you the car and say you have to pay it all back plus interest. So now another 50 K. Right. So this is how they get super. 

That's why when you look at any bank statement, like look at a new bank, they start out with like 40 million in assets. The next year, it's like almost a billion. How? Because all they have to do is deny people. 

Right. So when you apply, let's say, Chuck, you and I get an office and we're a bank and we tell people, why don't you come in and apply for a hundred thousand dollar loan? And we get 10 people come in to apply and we tell them because of your credit report, we're denying you. They believe that we get the 10 people's hundred thousand. 

We get a million dollars a day. We get to keep it. We get to keep the million dollars.

No people walk away. They don't give us a fight because they've been trained that the credit report means something, which is a bunch of mom and pop businesses that were started in the 70s to do that. There's no legal bearing on it. 

It's actually slander because everything on a credit report is is paid for, by the way. It's just they tell you that it's not you didn't you didn't perform as agreed, meaning to pay it again, repay it. Right. 

So anyway, all these applications are adding up and they're not being put on the market. They're being held as to leverage other things, fortunately, because if the applications that everyone's been denied for, I think right now, 48 percent of all mortgage applications are being denied. So go look and go look at Wells. 

This is just Wells Fargo. Yeah. So go look at Wells Fargo balance sheet when they started denying the applications and where they are now. 

You can see huge earnings and no one's. This is all very much. This is like, what would you say? Eighth grade math. 

So the simple multiplication is what? Eighth grade or sixth grade? Probably sixth grade math. Sixth grade multiplication. It's lower than that. 

I remember math. No. Yeah.

I was taught my multiplication table, say, in the second or third grade. And I wasn't even second or third grade. I wasn't even in a good school. 

So, yeah, go ahead. So when I yes, fourth grade for me is probably college level now anyway, but or high school. But let's say that kind of math. 

That's how stupid the population is across the board. They can't go see. You can actually do historic thing. 

One charts of denials. When did the denials for wealth to pick one bank? So let's say it's March of 2023. They start denying most people. 

Go look at what the bank had in reserves or in an account in 2023 and watch it grow as they're denying applications. Yeah. OK, so this is how the credit system works. 

It's all your. So, by the way, it's all yours, but it's abandoned. You're abandoning it. 

So what I mean by that is if you went all those applications that were denied and they're used as an asset to leverage for Wells Fargo, if you look at their paperwork, it's your name that's on there. It's your name. It's your property. 

It's kind of like if you drop something that has your name engraved on it and someone finds it and you say, well, that's my my name's on it. You show that it's your name. It is no question. 

Oh, we're going to give it to somebody else anyway. You know, kind of a scam that would be. So no one is looking at this. 

The biggest scam, the biggest scam going on still because it's an oxymoron is university or college. When you apply to the college, the college gets full tuition from your application. And then they say, are you going to get a loan or are you going to buy? You're going to pay for your tuition. 

So they get paid again, again. So the biggest scam for whatever people think it is, you didn't learn anything. Anyone who's gone to college and is honest with themselves knows they didn't learn anything. 

They're really worthwhile at all. You couldn't get like, who was it? Goodwill, Walker, whatever. A couple of late fees at the library.

Right. So you're being scammed on a level right now still. And by the way, since my early, early days on Revolution Radio in 2009, 2010 with Seth Michael and these three, four hour conversations I would have through the middle of the night on the weekend, I kept telling, they kept talking about finance, this finance. 

Have you ever filled that? So do you know that all that funds are first produced through your application? And they're like, huh? And I've been saying this for so long. It's so tiring. And then finally, recently, more people have been speaking on it. 

And I'm like, oh my gosh, it took like 20 years to get people to just start doing not because of me, but I'm like, I just gave up. I was like, what are you discussing credit reports for? Your application paid for everything. So the credit thing is is the Federal Reserve, believe it or not, is the friendliest thing that has ever happened. 

Even even it's on the level with the Constitution, by the way, like the Ninth Amendment. Everyone talks about First Amendment, Second Amendment, Fifth Amendment. The Ninth Amendment is the best one, because that basically states paraphrasing here that no right shall be a bridge that anyone has right now, no matter what it is, like no matter what you're doing that you consider a right, it can be you should defend it.

It's defendable. You should be left. Right. 

It's not specific. It's it's not like the second is arms or safe. There's incrimination. 

And that's like anything that you're doing right now that you think is a right you're able to do. Oh, my gosh. The Ninth Amendment is the one you should.

Everyone should be looking at and using. And the second thing is the Federal Reserve Act, which says when an institution or a bank comes to get Federal Reserve notes, which is basically money on account, because that's how you know when you have Federal Reserve notes, it could be it's credit on your account. Right. 

You can withdraw from it, write checks off of it, whatever. OK, they the Federal Reserve needs collateral and the application serves as collateral. Right. 

And if you read it at the bottom, it even says that if you need more, you could come more and add more to that application. Now, when do you think companies show up in town's job fair and they get what's going on, for example, with these job fairs? You know, these businesses, these young idiots to apply, they don't hire anyone. They walk away with applications.

And for the full salaries the company keeps, that's how they fund the company, that's how Raytheon funds itself, not through government contracts and all that stuff or whatever. And then the Federal Reserve Act allows that a year later, they could come back with that on that same application and pull another million or two million out for you. And the whole time it's under your name and you have people walking around wondering how the credit system works. 

No, the two best things that ever happened in American jurisprudence are the Ninth Amendment and the Federal Reserve Act, Section 16, without a doubt.