Hey, SonicEvent194, and hey, Greek, what is that? I heard something tapping there just as I was... Oh yeah, I just turned... I have an automatic ignition gas stove, I'm making seasoned rice, but it's brown rice. And it's funny, you know, people invited me for dinner over the years, I got a reputation of showing up about an hour, hour and a half before the dinner starts, so I could go to the kitchen and do the cooking. With your tools, with your tool bag, so to speak, right? And I got my tool bag and some ingredients, which, you know, good salt, you know, whatever.

And I got this, Sondra Means is her name, she knew about that from the grapevine, and I showed up and she goes, I know what you're doing, you're here to cook, no, I'm cooking. She gave me a hard time about it, and my wife was there at the time, she was laughing because she thought I would always get away with it. But the point here is, she made a dinner... Wait, you mean you didn't get away with it that time? No, she wouldn't let me in the kitchen because she knew that was my MO.

I'm surprised, I'm surprised, because dealing with you, I have this hard time thinking that people resist you in person, I don't know why. Well, no, but anyway, she prepared like a broiled salmon with veg and brown rice, and my first comment was, this is an unwritten, unspoken rule, when you have an animal protein like fish or meat or whatever, fowl, and you always serve that with white rice, never brown rice. Brown rice is when you go veg across the board.

Why? Because brown rice has got more than enough energy than you're going to need. Here's something, we eat food to get energy, and energy is different qualities. Most people don't think it that way, they think, oh, well, yeah, I know I get energy because when I'm hungry, I go along, and energy, there's even like a Snickers commercial about that, right? Well, they're still on the burning concept, and they go, oh, it's my fuel, it's the fuel, we're burning fuel.

Yeah, well, not at all, yeah. We could get into it with the car, by the way, you're not burning gasoline in a car, you're actually, you're adding vapors and things that are ignitable to the air, you're actually burning the air. Right.

That's why a gasoline, you could substitute gasoline for propane, like in warehouse forklifts, you could substitute it for alcohol, you could substitute it for hydrogen. So yeah, it's just a very juvenile way, but the people, you know, they're minors, right? Remember, I've read the statute that even though you will still be considered a minor even though you are of legal age, what does that tell you? You're a minor for the rest of your life. And if you remember from early Sonics, I always say, you might, people that call yourself minority, shame on you, it has nothing to do with your skin complexion.

It's purely that you're incompetent, right, legally. So anyway, you've heard that, but anyway, back to the dinner stuff. Oh yeah, and by the way, back in the 50s on the Sonics, like somewhere around Sonic 50 something or other, somebody was catching up and they just, you know, started not too long ago and they were saying how great the cabbage was.

I just, oh yeah, well, I've gotten a lot of, yeah, the cabbage roast, it's cabbage roast and broccoli steak and right. I just got, I just got that feedback like two days ago. So I'm just telling you that that was like a couple of new people that are coming through and searching through and they're actually, the reason we're really doing this is because when I occasionally get an email, I've changed my entire life, you know, and I'm like, oh, great. 

Because if you know that my adage, if half the people in the world helped one person, right, the whole world is taken care of. So I've done that with hundreds of people, if not more. And it's objective. 

It's objective information. It's not like, well, that's how he likes it. So I do it. 

So, you know, it's very objectifying. But anyway, back to the food, when you're doing a whole grain, people don't really eat whole oats, you know, they're very difficult to eat. Right. 

I've had whole oats. It's quite interesting. They usually roll them because the shell on the outside doesn't soften with with cooking.

But whole grains usually is veg all the way. And when you're going to do an animal, when I say, you know, people are used to calling an animal, right? Fish, poultry, bird, fowl, you know, whatever, four legged, whatever, anything that's animal protein, go with white rice, a very basic starch. Here's another thing, way to look at it.

You know, the concept of potato skins and potato with the skin on and all that, you can do that with an all veg. But when you're going to prepare a potato dish, start with animal, make sure all the peel is off because that peel carries all this energy. But by the way, potato peels produce soil.

They produce what's called by by two minute by humus, lignites and all these other things. So when people when you buy potatoes, you're like, oh, there's dirt on there. That's actually the dirt that was produced by the potato.

Is that wonderful? But anyway, just to give you an idea of the perspective, but I have some tuna, some tuna that I've been curing out slowly and I'm going to have that with the brown rice. So I was a Greek. You're just contradicting yourself.

Yes, I know. But I'm going to have like a very tiny amount of brown rice on the side, mostly with some veg after we finish the sonic because I didn't feel like making anything else. I felt like an extra protein.

But if you ever wanted to, like, do a super load, do like beef or lamb with burdock stir fry and brown rice. If you just ate brown rice, you'd be fine. If you just ate the beef, you'd be fine.

If you just ate the burdock, you'd be fine. Could you imagine all three together? It's like rocket fuel, jet fuel and racing fuel put together. Right. 

And TNT. I was just thinking all three things are like highly potent. Oh, my gosh. 

The burdock will give you more energy than the beef. The brown rice is in between. And, you know, what beef does, you know, it's very energetic.

Cows like to kick. You want to you don't want to eat. The reason you get energy from beef is cows are kickers.

People don't know that. Right. They kick a lot. 

A cow doesn't like you. It'll turn around, just get out of the way. But anyway, but I think the cows that most people are familiar with are totally subdued and drugged out.

Right. They're so doped up and messed up from the hormone treatments and whatever the hell else is. Yeah.

Their horns are cut. You know, all the cows have horns as part of their character and they cut the horns and all that. So, yeah.

So that's the spiel on the food. Very, very important. No date on the food seminar yet.

And I have to blame. It's not an excuse, but I'm going to put the blame on the financial seminar. It's taking a lot of energy to get it set up so it can run.

People can run on their own. We've got some new people coming in. It's really good.

All right. Probably the only thing I have is a stupid Skype link to something. So I've gotten some people interested.

But the thing is, if you're not active, you get booted. And there's a bunch of people that are not active. And I still haven't booted them.

And I may not. I don't know. But the food seminar, when things slow down, I keep saying that we'll do that.

That's very, very important. Right now, that link to the financial seminar is still in the Patreon chat. Yeah. 

If you go there, the link for the other one is there because I keep just changing groups. If you're a guest, no guests. If you're a guest, we'll boot you.

You got to have a name if you want. Just pick a stupid name just so we know not who you are, but how to refer to you and call you, you know, whatever. You know, when you say someone's name, you know what name you use for your avatar.

But if you say guest 348, you're like, I don't know, that may not be me. I mean, you know, maybe I'm a guest. I hear you. 

So you're going to carry that over to teams after the fifth, though. Right. You have no choice.

I just tell everybody, leave it alone and they'll automatically switch for you. That's what it says. Yeah.

But but teams is like they're they're copying Zoom. They're giving only one hour on calls. And then there's a premium for 30 hours, which Skype was unlimited.

We ran around the days 10, 15 years ago. Brain food. Yeah.

They ran a group. Yeah. Ran for about a year.

Went for like a year. It was like a year. As long as two computers were on all the time.

Right. And that was run by a guy, a Brit expat that lived in, oh, Jamaica or something, or Belize. One man outfit should salute to you if you're still out there.

So, yeah, that was back in the day. I met a lot of people there. I wonder if that guy. 

Not much. Yeah. Much brain food.

But I got you. I wonder if anybody ever recorded any of that, though, because some of those I mean, some things were just stupid and some things were very enlightening. And there were interesting people.

I didn't find anything, but that's OK. It's a matter of taste, right? Well, it depends. I mean, I went in there at certain times a day and, you know, it would just be like a personal conversation almost because they just, you know.

Yeah, that's what it was. And most personal conversations to me are absolutely worthless. Well, like I said, OK.

Uh, yeah. Yeah, I know. It's you got to be.

Look, I don't have that much time left here. I don't think anybody really does. I just tell it like it is.

If you want to know what I'm thinking, listen to what I'm saying. I have no inner monologue. And I've stressed that to that.

No one should have that. But all right. What do you got? Got questions tonight? Well, I got a couple.

Just a few, though. Let's see. Please ask the Greek to elaborate more on why he mentioned that sex is for procreation only.

That's from the last Sonic, by the way. Well, that's right. You were given.

It's kind of like a pinky. You have a pinky so you can pick your nose, right? Think of it. So, you know, you have a thumb.

So you have an opposing member. There's a purpose for everything, like your appendix is. Yeah. 

Your appendix is not there because of evolution that shrunk away. It was another thing. No, your appendix is a sourdough starter.

So when you're lacking positive intestinal flora required for positive intestinal flora and fauna for having efficient digestion, it's it's produced in the appendix and then pumped out. These medical morons will never. They can never just like the legal morons.

The attorneys never learn any law. Right. Right.

So you you have a component that is psychological and it's good for the beneficial for energy flow in the body, you can say. But there are exercises. There's an extra.

There's an old video. Wilhelm Reich developed an exercise for men who had too much pent up sexual energy to do. So it's basically just laying on your back and arching your back up and then doing rapid breathing motion, rapid contraction, extraction of your diaphragm, you know, like you suck your stomach way in and then push it way out while your back is arched up a little bit.

I've tried it. It works. It works.

That's to give off sexual energy. Give me an example with the sex, the way it's done. It's used.

The social engineering part is interesting because that is purely for population control. When they want to increase the population. Yes, you have herders, masters, groups that control you.

And it's good if you don't know it. It's working right. If you don't know that you've been socially engineered, that means that the social engineering is working very well.

Right. Yeah. OK, so when they want to increase the population, they restrict.

Sexual activity, you can't talk about it. There's no condoms behind the counter at the store. Nothing above the knee on TV and media.

Right. Very like you'd see in Muslim countries, very much. You'd see in whatever restrictive Mormon, whatever.

OK, so when they want to decrease the population, they promote sexuality. Now, suddenly, you have condoms behind the convenience store counter visible. A lot of sex insinuation, a lot of sex showing all the way to the point to where the rating would not be for below 18 on regular media.

But like right now, they oversex you. So you're popular. So you have no children.

Right. Even the publicly shown numbers right now are demonstrating that in the United States, we are not even, you know, keeping up with replacement. Oh, we passed that like five years ago.

It's like one point one point two children now or something. I'm being born. Might be lower.

And it might be lower than that. One, two, you're seeing that the fertility rate is lower. Sperm counts are lower. 

All these things are lower. That's right. Now, let me just give this because most people never heard these.

Most people have never heard the stuff I talk about and never will. Unless they get it from here. That's the sad part for me. 

Right. Because I'd like to shut up and sit back and listen to somebody else. But anyway, give me an example, if you didn't quite get my point.

When you go to one of these Mormon community, a Muslim community, I don't pick some other sexual what they call sexual repression, which it's not, by the way. But that's a form. That's how the label would be put on it.

Puritanical in general thought. Yeah. The thought process of a puritanical kind of mindset regarding sex.

Pick any society. Go knock on their door. How many children are here? Oh, we got five children and one more on the way.

How many should not go to the next house randomly knock on the door? How many children? You have nine children. How many children do you have? We have three. And how old is your wife? She's 18. 

You know, no, those are a third baby. I used to meet guys from Muslim countries all the time. And from the 90s, the early 2000s and stuff.

And they were always parts of families where it's like, you know, 70 kids. Right. OK, now let's let's change it over.

Just to illustrate, let's go to a place like New York City, Tokyo, L.A., do a random knock on door. How many children? We don't have any children. Oh, you've been married 23 years. 

OK. Now go to the next. How many children you have? We have one child next door.

How many do not next door? One, two. We have two children. Wow.

So where the sex is being promoted, the population has been going down and where it's not promoted or actually slightly held back or held back. Now, when I say the pop, the sexuality is held back. They still have a lot of romantic songs, courting, courting, you know, those Muslim countries.

I was just telling you about every single one of their songs. If you translate it, everything is about love, their love, who they're loving, who they're being with, who they want to be with. That's everything.

So so this is a phenomenon that is actually one on one social engineering that no one is talking about, by the way. No one is realizing it because the social engineering works. So when you tell people, you know, it's a conspiracy theory, that means that the the the mind control is working.

Well, some people have talked about this, but they've never connected what you just connected there, which is that in a place where you have like what people think of as repression is where the population is growing, you know, where it's like, keep the you know, the women in turtlenecks and make sure that their skirts are long or maybe no. But there's no reason for it. I still fervently tell people, hey, you, you know that everyone around you and your family at work on the street is a moron.

So if that's true, no one has ever said Greek. My parents are not morons. My family's are not morons.

No one's ever come back today. Greek, I feel so. Everyone's like, yeah, I guess so.

In this sense, the people I don't even know. And they're like, yeah, you know, I specifically say the people you live with, the people you work with, the people you see on a recreation are all idiots. Yeah. 

So OK, so if we take that as a given with few exceptions, right, how easy it is to put on a social control mechanism. And why would you tell them, quote unquote, the truth of the matter? We're idiots. See, that's the thing.

A lot of the social engineering is completely misunderstood because they have a logical sort of through line for these things. And they think, oh, it must work this way. So in a place where they're promoting sex, that must be a place where they're wanting you to breathe.

Like when they put terrorism on a country, that's because they're they they're telling the people we're not afraid of you. Now we're coming after you. Middle Nation talked about that in one of his videos.

I had it in the background when the government is afraid of its people. It tries to maintain peace and order when a government is not afraid of its people. It just goes out and just kills anyone randomly like the drone strike.

Just does what they do, you know, whatever they want. That's why the CIA does these experiments, because they, you know, they're American based, supposedly, and they want to know. But, you know, we might want to try this here.

Let's go take over a country and just have that that government, a puppet government, put and start just killing people publicly and see what the reaction is now. You know, every decade they do that. Right.

Speaking of that, speaking of that, a funny thing is going on right now. Right. Everybody's talking about, you know, Trump and the politics and blah, blah, blah.

And everybody's having their moments of outrage. But these people are not understanding certain things. Like they're trying to get rid of USAID.

And they go, well, that's us doing good around the world. And it's like, no, what's happening there is they're reorganizing the intelligence community because all of that. Yeah, but let's go back to the theme here that I brought up.

The U.S. government is afraid of the U.S. population, and it's not because of the guns, because they could slowly, just like they restricted population control, they could restrict the guns are no good without bullets. You don't go after the guns and bullets and the best guns you're going to get. You're outgunned by.

So, you know, you're not. There's more people with guns in the U.S. and then people with guns in the whole world combined. And it's like ten to one.

The military in the U.S. military that we know about is very small. That's great. The U.S. population has at least ten times more.

If you got 80,000 BB guns, though, you're no more than a nuisance. OK, what I'm saying is that the small arms and everybody thinks is there, you know, their big defense against the gun. If they want to, they'll hit you with a drone from the sky.

You won't even hear it coming. Well, it's not even that. Yeah, that's true.

But that's singling out. But I'm talking about mass population, but they're moronic. You see, the Americans are too moronic.

They cannot work in order to have a revolution or a civil war. We never had a civil war, by the way. They'd call it a civil war.

It was the war of northern aggression, the war of the states. It was to give the federal government taxation power. And that's I've seen documents written at the time about it.

But here's the thing. The people in order to this is from Middle Nation. So he he made a good point in order to be revolutionary or whatever to go against any power structure.

You have to have good art. You have to have good knowledge. You have to have a knowledge of the classics.

You have to have rationale. And Americans don't have that. Of course. 

Right. It's been because of the social engineering. I'm not saying people are not capable of that.

I don't see many that are. But it's they're victims of this social engineering program. All right. 

What else you got? Well, you know, I have an odd question for you, because I think I picked up on something from you in our many conversations here. And I want to check. I don't think you've ever been around.

Like, I know you've been around black people and you talked about it being in New York and melanated individuals, you know, what most people call black people. But I don't think you've actually spent time around black people that grew up in the South, have you? Oh, yeah, I have. Really? Yeah. 

Yeah. I've been to Buford, South Carolina. I've been around in my early in the 70s.

I have. They are very much still social engineered the way of the slave days. But it's terrified of dogs.

Yeah. Terrified of dogs. Even a little chihuahua. 

They're terrified. They look down when they speak to white people. They look down at the ground.

Very if you want to know what it was like to be black in the 1800s in the South, it hasn't changed very much in many ways. But at the same time, what I did see that people don't know that it's never really talked about is the affluent communities that are like Georgia. You know, there was a joke.

Why don't we send all the black people where they came from? Atlanta, Georgia. Right. There's some guy comedian made a joke about that.

Right. Right. But no one talks about the affluent communities you'll find in and around near Georgia, in and around New Jersey.

Well, there are even places. When you say black people, they're so stigmatized. There are even places in Mississippi, quite honestly, which you would think of as one of the harshest, most, you know, like definitely throwback kind of to slave day states possible. 

Right. But they even had whole communities where they separated and created an affluent situation where they put in the. Yeah, that's why they were against civil rights, because they knew with civil rights, the white man's going to butt in and and bring their police and create slavery again.

It's like 20 percent of the people that produce crimes that go to prison are black. But 80 percent of the people in prison, I mean, are indicted for crimes. Let's say, yes, 20 percent of the population is black.

But the 80 percent of the population is black in prison. So what they're doing is bring back the slave system for black people with civil rights. People don't know this.

Civil rights was the worst thing that ever happened. It's a 14th Amendment thing. And I think I believe in meritocracy and believe it or not, the world really runs a meritocracy.

That's why people in general, any country in the world have a dislike for government workers, because they know if you work for the government, you could go punch in and go to the movies all day, not do nothing and you won't get fired. It's not a meritocracy working, you know, in a public municipal job. Right.

I find it strange that you think the world works on meritocracy. Because it does work on meritocracy. Well, quite honestly, when I mean, do you do you think a guy like Elon Musk is there at a merit? Oh, no, that's well, no, I'm talking about the world, except for the power structure.

You know what? Elon Musk is 200 billion. He's just a slave. Then no one talks about the two and a half trillion.

The Rothschilds are worse. Why not? And the Rothschilds are just clerks. They're not even part of the power structure.

I mean, they are. They're the closest you can get publicly about the power structure. You know, the Rockefellers, the industrialists and the bankers. 

Right. Habsburgs, they've lost their power a long time. It's all under the main power is underground, subsurface, literally subsurface.

Now, the let's go back to the people of darker complexion. There there's no separation in terms of behavior, conditioning or anything like that that anyone else would be subject to. Right. 

There's no. How would you say it? And I'm not trying to be political correct at all. I mean, I don't care about like member Jimmy the Greek.

He said, you know, the black people are better at why there's so many black people in sports is because they were used to running around in the jungle and all that. And they got something like that. Right.

Well, he said what happened is, is that when they were breeding people slave days, they decided to breed the biggest, strongest women with the biggest, strongest men. And they got the biggest, strongest. Yes, we made a point like that.

So there's stupid stuff like that. But it's a very in other words, it doesn't matter what your complexion is or race, quote unquote, because you have the Asian race or whatever. It's it's the society and the mind control that you've been subject to.

And it starts in your culture, in your family, how you've literally how your parents were, unless you abandon what your parents, even the Bible tells you, abandon the ways of your parents. Right. But but here's the interesting thing.

There was a study done a long time ago about Chinese people speak Chinese because they're Chinese. So they did an experiment where they put in Caucasians from Europe in America, born in China, and they spoke Chinese just as well as Chinese. Right. 

And behaved their mannerisms and all that just as equal. So all that racist stuff doesn't work. Now, there is medical racism.

We've talked about that. Right. Yeah, there's certain that's why you won't find certain psychotropic Prozac in Asia kills people.

If you're Korean, take Prozac, you die. We've talked about this. There are biological differences that have come up among groups of people that are connected to particular by biographical areas.

Right. I mean, it's just not biographical. You know what I'm trying to say? The discussion, by the way, with people of darker complexion always ends up being a class struggle discussion.

It's a class. Yeah, it's a class thing, not a racist thing. Well, we do have in America a caste system and they wave it in your face all the time. 

Middle class. They're getting rid of the middle class. Why is there any class system at all? So they're developed a class system that they pigeonhole people in and they cloak it with racism and all that.

You know, the most racist people towards black people are black people is what I've noticed, you know, in the mixed environment, not just in one specific deep south thing, but being around different parts of the country. Well, I don't know. The deep south thing is different to me because the the linguistic base is different here than it was up north.

You know, I mean, I'm familiar with it. I remember being in Buford, South Carolina. Guy literally had a pickup truck with a dog in the back and a rifle rack.

Yeah. And he says that's common, by the way. He says, listen, Greek, we pulled up from someone's house.

You got to stay in here because I got to go talk southern to these folks. Somebody say in the car. So, I mean, that's how critical it can be.

Right. The culture. Right.

Yeah. But I mean, it is it is strange because I mean, it does not even remotely resemble. I mean, up north, it would resemble the language.

I was the reason why it was settled by Scots and certain people from Europe that maintained a closed structure. They were merchant class. And you don't want to corrupt your your status.

You want to corrupt your bloodline. So they kept to themselves. Language formed a certain way.

And it just stuck that way. Look, just like why do people from New York sound like they're from New York, dirty, dirty, dirty? You know, I learned at a very young age if you had a New York accent and you spoke like this, no matter how smart you are, you sound dumb. Yeah. 

Right. And there are. And fortunately, you don't see a lot of that on YouTube.

And but whenever you heard someone that is showing New York accent, it was like, oh, that's a really there's not there's no. So I learned that, you know, you better not, you know, because I saw it coming and I ducked. Well, yes, I got you.

Look, even the Jersey accent, which I have. They they they often already. Yeah, it's not thick, though.

It's not. They could it could come through if I'm around for people from Brooklyn or Jersey, wherever I get way worse. Yeah, it gets way worse if you're around.

But Jersey, Jersey is more like this, you know? Yeah, right. Exactly. Jersey is, you know, you got a thing.

It goes like that. New York is a little softer on the top. You know, it's more flowing.

It sounds more like Italian. Right. Jersey.

You know, Jersey is like, yeah, yeah. From Jersey, you know. Right. 

But either way, let's listen to Nicholson. And what's the little his little friend? Oh, David. Danny DeVito.

And who else is from New Jersey? I almost got in one of his movies once. But anyway, you know what I'm talking about? I think that was a fairly correct assumption. The Jersey New York accent.

I got you. You know, you're right. But the thing is, it's either either one of them, though.

It creates an assumption in the listener that you're not as intelligent. Just not like the Boston. When you Boston cock the calf, that's a little bit.

It's almost as bad. But not you don't sound like if you have a New York accent, right? You sound dumb. Yeah. 

You're not automatically stupid if you're from Boston. I mean, you could be your suspect, you know, but but you're automatically stupid if you're from. Well, it's kind of like when I got on the Internet, like people from Australia sounded dumb to me and people from New Zealand sounded like arrogant assholes.

Right. And initially and I used to joke around about that and they didn't find it funny. So I stopped joking around about that.

You know, they meaning the New Zealand, the Kiwis and the Aussies. Yeah. What was what was even worse is when you mix them up and I go, well, what's the difference? Well, what? Oh, there's a big.

I know. I know. And then there's South African, which is the mixture of Dutch and English and all that stuff.

Yeah. You got to be good with accents. Also, believe it or not, I could tell a person's race and nationality but just by their voice.

Right. If it's a black guy, Asian guy, even if they're completely whitewashed, you can tell there's a vocal cord thing. There is biological differences or whatever.

Right. When it comes to voice and major. Well, to me, I can hear it.

Like when I was speaking with Sam, people thought he was a white guy. I said, oh, he's black. How do you know he's black? And I said, no, it's obvious he's black.

I said, I can't tell. Right. So I can hear when I spoke to him, that's for sure.

But yeah, there's subtle differences. This is all part of being on planet Earth. But what is social engineering? It's just got everybody at arms, even within the groups, you know, even within the groups that's been going on for a long time.

And it's going to go on as as long as you don't have rocket packs and hotel on the moon, it's going to be going on. Because when you have rocket packs and hotel and when things will change again, you're never going to get those things. So these things are never going to change in this society, not in this lifetime.

Anyways, I got one more question and then, you know, we can just run from there. Can the Greek offer advice for the best ways to eliminate parasites in our body? Now, that seems to me to be a wide. Yeah, because the parasites are changing constantly.

Like dog breeds from 100 years ago are not the same. No matter how you like German shepherds were really, you know, great dogs. And now you got a German shepherd who hip dysplasia.

He's going to have hip problems. Right. So you have certain parasites that are not even acknowledged.

Like I remember the fleshy bacteria or whatever showed up at one point. And I went, whoa, where the hell did that come from? Because that wasn't here before. A lot of the parasites that were dangerous 100 years ago are harmless.

And a lot of there's new parasites that they don't acknowledge, because when you work in the medical industry and if you see something on the slide that you are told you're not supposed to see, they just negate it. They do exclusions, right? Complete exclusions. There are there are parasites that live on put on plutonium rods in nuclear power plants.

Well, also, as some things have thawed out, OK, it appears to me as though we've lost some we have lost some ice cap here and there. If we've thawed out stuff that's been frozen for a thousand years, it's very possible there's. Yeah, but I'm talking about emergence.

I don't go for that. That stuff has to come from somewhere. Stuff comes from nowhere.

You know, you can have pure, sterile conditions and put it in in a certain way where it's absent of certain light and you introduce some gases and you'll see things forming in their biologicals where there was no way that we live in a world where things emerge from inorganic life, yet organic life, believe it or not. And they have the conditions just right. Let's go back to the thing.

There's a walnut, whole clove. Right. And one other thing, walnut, whole black walnut, whole clove and one other mixture.

There are capsules you could buy. It's a powder. Start off with that.

Those are the basic there. If you if you if you did a search on this online, that's the basic I think they still exist. There were parasite cleansing was really big 15, 20 years ago, especially with Hilda Clark and all that.

OK, so the basic capsules that are available, it's got walnut, whole clove and one other thing, I forgot what it was. Wormwood. Yeah. 

And that's it. Thank you, Wormwood. That's the basic.

It's like 30 bucks for 100 capsules or whatever. Do that. Start off with that.

Go very mild. Start off. OK, start off mild.

If you work a job or a job that you have to go to work from nine to five or be somewhere because you might get the shits. Right. And in a way that you don't expect.

Yeah. Be careful with the Wormwood, though, because I used to be able to get that in whole and I could grind it myself. And it was a lot cheaper than buying a powder.

And, you know, get it from a trusted source. This is very much when it's a powder. It takes in three days.

It's oxidized just like coffee. Coffee connoisseurs ground the beans right before. Because if it's pre ground, it's oxidized.

It just tastes flat. Well, that would be the reason why I wanted to grind it myself. The reason I'm suggesting what I'm doing is this is very, very mild.

The next step up would require research and some self diagnosis. Right. The main thing about parasites is, believe it or not, most people now have them in their liver and they thread through your liver.

Those don't come out very easy. Right. And if you if they try to, you can have a liver damage, which you can recover from.

And by the way, anything that's not in your intestine your body created. That's a pretty scary thought. But for an example, OK, let's get off on this.

You ever see surface dust mites on skin mites? Like when you show they show a picture of it. Oh, yeah. And it looks like some sci fi creature from another planet.

And so that lives on your skin. Yeah. They show you the weird things that live on your eyebrows even.

Right. The. Yeah.

And you cannot get rid of those because they they form. They emerge from all the conditions on your on your body. And that freaks people out, especially if you're if you know about this.

You just found out about this. All the pictures are tripped on LSD. You'd probably get like 80 grit sandpaper and sand all your skin off. 

Right. So, yeah, it's some crazy stuff. But anyway, these things are emergent.

So the thing is, are you in harmony and are you in symbiosis with it? Is it causing harm and damage to you? Uh, everyone has them to a degree. Like I said, if they're not just in your intestines or stomach, your body created them. Now what? Now what? These things emerge from different conditions.

Right. So the people in cold climates will have a different set of parasites than people in the tropics. Right. 

And vice versa. I mean, people in temperate areas and different ones in the northern hemisphere. If you think the earth is around different ones on the southern hemisphere or the southern plain, northern plain, these things are emergent.

So most of the toxins that are things that are found in the blood, if not, well, all anything found in your blood, by the way, your body created. Right. It's a completely closed system.

And when it's done, it's usefulness disintegrates and becomes energy. And it goes out through the appropriate organs, bladder, intestine, liver, kidney, you know, the urinary tract, which is the entire, they call the urinary tract, the entire system of kidneys and bladder and all that. But yeah, so don't, don't, uh, you have to self diagnosis is the key. 

You have to diagnose that. Right. Right.

But I'll tell you that most, the majority of the stuff that is disabling to people are parasites and a metal in their bodies, thallium from old, uh, the amalgam fillings, they put some nasty chemicals in there, uh, and also not having proper dentistry. Uh, so yeah, this is a big topic. Um, I would study, if I were to get into this for whatever reason, the first thing I would do is research diagnosing, uh, parasites, not the parasites themselves with diagnosing a man or a woman's health condition, and then which parasite would be responsible for that. 

Right. And then how to test for that. But remember, I'm saying it again for the fifth time, if you find anything like in the liver or any of the organs or whatever, or suggest even in the brain that was created by your body because of what you eat, what you've been exposed to. 

Right.