Hey, hey, Rated Y, and 208, anyway, Sonic Event, and here it is, Greek, you know, only feedback I got this week was about dog food and organs and stuff, but, and they wanted to talk about that, sometimes you can get it for free at certain grocery stores, other places they sell it to you, good quality, etc. But very important, that organ meat, why? Because it makes the system work for that kind of animal, and which kind of animal are we talking about? Generally, people have dogs and cats, and am I wrong on any of this yet? What's going on? Well, they typically eat the organ meat first, the muscle, just muscle meat is toxic. Let me give you an example, when we enjoy steak and stuff, you know, people, generally enjoy steak.

People don't, let's say I'm going to get beef or pork or chicken or lamb, they don't understand that that's just muscle. People don't think of it that way, right? The organ meat is really where it's at, all along. That's another discussion, really, it's a big discussion, why, but typically when zoos were first started and they fed the animals muscle meat, they got sick, and they needed the organ meat.

Also, if you study them in the wild, you'll see how the pack of lions or whatever always howls out the carcass first, right, before they eat the legs and arms, right, you notice? So yeah, so yeah, I wanted to get into the human body because it's very important, and also I want to see if I could eke out some support on it, because it's very important. In other words, the more I study, let's just say the more I've been studying, I've been studying the human body since the 1980s, early 80s, so it might sound cocky, but I know a lot more than any doctor I've ever met, a lot more, it's scary, it's just like I know a lot more than any attorney I've ever met, a lot more, not just a little, and it scares me to the point where these industries, medical and legal industries, let's just say medical and legal, are thriving, and they're so busy, right? The police, wait a minute, wait a minute, the police state is thriving behind you, I'm sorry. Yeah, you hear it? But anyway, I'm going to go on the other side, there's a fire, but I can smell it, there's a fire somewhere, you know what I mean? Oh, it's a fire, okay, no, no, no, it's just because it was so loud, it was drowning you out, right, I needed to interrupt you.

Oh, it should have been, okay, but this is what I was saying, the people are going there, and what are they going for? What are they getting? Sorry. It's unbelievable, no, it's fine, no, it's fine, yeah, I'm sheltered right now. Yeah, now it's way better.

You know that smell when a house is burning, it's kind of like paint, have you ever stripped paint or smelled burning paint? Oh, absolutely. That's the most, and a roofing material, when you, yeah, I can always tell what's burning, whether it's a car, or a house, or, you know. There's certain kinds of plastics that I find absolutely suffocating when people are burning them, you know, like they throw them in one of their fire pits or whatever, and it's like, oh my God, what did you just throw in there? Yeah, well, they have a distinctive smell, it's just like spectrography, you know, when they burn things in a laboratory, the spectrum of light that it gives off is an ID for the element.

So anyway, these industries are busy, and people are going to them and thanking them for their profession, and they don't know anything at all. And they're functioning, the society's functioning like this, it's kind of like, what a planet of dumbasses, right? It's just dumb-ass-ville all the way, all the way, all the way. So what it is possible to do is form an elitist group that teaches a more elite human, like better, elitist meaning elite, just what the word means, to go and give hints and bring it down to the DIY level.

I've been, like, I was looking at surgery procedures, thorax, stuff like that, for the past month, and I'm like, you know, you only need like 10 days of training to do that, to become a surgeon. There's not much to know, right? You have to understand, you know, the dermis, you have to understand, like, you know, you got to get through the skin, let's just be practical. You got to go through, you got to enter the body somehow, orthoscopy's great, you know, you make a hole and you send a probe in there, and then tools that are accompanied the size of the probes, you don't have to cut someone open, right? But even in trauma, trauma's completely different, but the surgery, I mean, I can teach someone, train someone to do surgery in less than a week.

The hardest part about the surgery is you have to have lightning-fast reflexes, right, because everyone's different, right? You know, in other words, you can open someone up and there's not a drop of blood, and the same exact procedure, it's just like gobs and gobs everywhere, right? It's just like they're bleeding to death, right? Oh, yeah, no, even the smallest tiny incision, I've actually experienced it where I figure the same type of incision, I would get that, you know, okay, it's going to be a simple leak, no problem, I should be able to dab it real quick and get it out of there, and they spring like a freaking garden sprinkler on me. Yeah, that's a release of yin, and what I'm saying is, okay, everything has to be combined. So you know how they do prep before surgery? They give you a sheet of paper, don't eat, don't drink, don't, right? Yeah.

Well, we're going to have a list of things to eat and condiments. Mm-hmm. We'll get into it.

I'm just going to bounce around a little bit over here, okay? So you know how the body, the food goes through the intestinal, the GI tract, and nothing gets absorbed? It has to be broken down into the right condition for the body to convert it to energy, and then on the inside of the body, it converts to gas, liquid, and solids, right, carried by the cells. Some of the energy is carried by the cells and then converts it when it gets to its destination. Another example would be when you see blood cells under a microscope.

There's a whole variety of stuff, and also fungus. You see every kind of living organism sometimes, amoeba, you know, all that stuff in blood samples. What these people don't realize that I even spoke to someone who has a live blood test equipment.

I'm like, what good is that if you don't know what you're looking at? Yeah, but you don't. No one does. Very few people do.

Now here's where I have a question, right? When it comes to induction, wouldn't it be better to sort of label the general way that induction occurs to give people an idea of the process? Because look, it doesn't just simply, okay, on one side of the wall, it's this. Next side of the wall, it's that. Yeah, that's right.

It does, but there's a zone, an intermediary zone where it's turned into biological energy. But it's biological. It's like a pseudo matter.

It's not really material, but the best, I would try to explain it that it's like that ectoplasm stuff, but it's transparent goo. It's like a, not quite like mucus, but it has less density than water. And that's what's carried.

They call it plasma. The plasma is not plasma. There is plasma, yes, in the body, but it's like a form of plasma that materializes material.

Yeah, and that's the thing, is when it's in that plasma state, it's energy, but it has some of the characteristics. No, no, I mean material plasma, not the woo-woo plasma that they're calling electrical plasma. When I say plasma, I mean like the blood plasma, but it's in that category.

If you were to discern the material, the nutritive energy as it goes into, as it forms in the blood vessels around the intestine, because if you look at a cross-section of the intestine, especially the large intestine, either one, inside of the, you know, look at the lumen of the opening and then the walls, it's completely saturated, just like the eyeball is saturated with blood vessels, right, even more so. Right. And it's completely sealed.

There's no absorption. I assure you, nothing goes through. If you study the older texts about absorption, they know what I'm talking about.

They call it absorption. They have all these other terms. There's three categories of how the nutrition passes, how you gain nutrition from food, and it becomes cellular matter and all these other things, right? But it's confounding to really think about how it works, because we're taught in such a base physical reality that we tend to ignore or exclude these things that we would consider to be phenomenal now, right? Right.

It's a phenomenon. But one of the prerequisites is the quality of the biological vacuum. But let me just, I just want to go back to, the body's made up of solid, liquid, and gas, and what happens is the quality of the energy being transferred from the intestine, digestion also happens in the mouth, right? So we're talking all the way from the mouth to the anus.

The entire process is taking effect. But when the body requires gas, liquid, and solid from the nutrition, it'll draw what it needs. But there's also a dictate that if the food that you're eating is very active or overly nutritious, it will send more, right? And you'll get an overreaction, right, in the body.

So what you're saying is the body's entirely made of solid, liquid, and gas, but there's also an energetic component, which is separate from those things. Well, that would be the biological vacuum, and then the energetic component that converts what's in the intestine or in the lungs, the air in the lungs, let's say, into what the body needs. That's the second component.

The energetic components would be the biological vacuum. What's inducing? What's creating the vacuum? Like think of it in a base mechanical sense. I need to draw a vacuum on something.

Well, you bring out this vacuum pump, and it pulls a vacuum, right? Okay, yeah. Okay, so what's creating the vacuum? What's inducing? What is making the body make the vacuum? That's the big confounding mystery. But it's directly related to the body's ability to draw nutrition through the intestinal wall.

Right. You know, energetically. Now, that's the other component that I've been looking at.

Okay, because if you're creating an artificial vacuum, right, it's based on conditions that are applied to the container, which creates the vacuum inside of it. Now, but that's not the case with this biological vacuum. No, it's not artificial.

It actually, let's just, well, artificial means it's made by design, and nature is made by design. So it's all artificial, or it's all natural, right? Yeah, but I'm saying if you were inducing a vacuum in a container. Synthesized would be a better choice of words, right? Synthesized, okay, fine, fine.

So if I was synthesizing a vacuum, it would be based on conditions applied to the container from an external force. But in this case, this exists. In all living things, plants have it.

Yeah. All animals, cells, single cell, anything alive has it. And the way you kill something is by arresting that biological vacuum.

Now, they don't say that when they want to poison in toxicology or when something is burned to death or whatever. Or, you know, a human is killed many different ways. Why does the biological vacuum cease, right, when there's a mass trauma, right, or mass toxicity, right? So these things need to be studied.

It's a very grim subject. Maybe if we can learn more about the biological vacuum and what it takes to turn it off, right? And it seems to be a switch, like shock, for example. Well, most people up until the 19th century died of shock or infections of the mouth, teeth.

Right. Or poisoning because they, you know, is the food, especially white people, is this food that didn't season their food properly. How is this food, Mary? Oh, it's fine.

You know, I think this horse has turned. You know, eat it anyway. And then the next day they're all, you know, a couple of days they're dead, right? Right.

From food poisoning. These were common ways of dying. So these are things that stopped the biological vacuum.

Toxicity and trauma. Shock. When, you know, shock is purely mental, right? If you're, like, the best soldiers are, you know, even in World War II were doped up with meth and synthetic cocaine and things like that, right? You want to be, if you're going to go fight in a battle to, you're willing to give up your life.

Yeah. Shit, man. You want to take a serious, serious stimulants, right? Right.

This is very normal. They gave them some. It's not talked about.

Yeah. Because they're illegal now. A painkiller and a stimulant.

OK. So that you've got plenty of excess energy. You can, you know, fight.

You could psych yourself up. But I'm telling you, the chemicals, the cocaine is a hell of a drug. But here's the thing.

Someone like that going to their battle and have their arms shot off and keep going. Right. Blown off completely and keep going.

Where someone in a car accident, you know, a guy works in a joint car and sees his arm off, came off. He goes into shock and dies in two minutes from suffocation, basically. Right.

You see what I mean? So it's psychological. So there's a psychological component that triggers shock. They stopped using mask trousers, which was something that prevented shock.

Or when someone was in shock, kept sustain them. So there's the trauma, toxicity and the mental side that can arrest the biological vacuum. So if we study, we don't know what it is.

But if we study what things affect it, maybe we can learn more about it. It's kind of like we've heard of this mythical creature known as a bear. Right.

No one's really seen one, you know, like Bigfoot. But let's just say it's a bear. But we've had glimpses of them going through your garbage can if you live adjacent to a forest.

So let's set up a lab. Right. With some garbage cans with varieties of food and wait to see these bears come.

And then we'll photograph them, maybe capture one. Right. You see what I mean? That's what I want to do with the biological vacuum.

How do we induce it? Because the whole thing is inducing it. But again, remember, there's no free ride. Just because you know how to create the biological vacuum doesn't mean you'll live forever or heal everything.

Right. Either. But we don't know enough about it.

But through my studies yet so far, I know what stops it. The toxicity, mental effect, mental trauma and physical trauma stops it. Bloodletting, tremendous bloodletting and all that.

So what induces it? Well, what happens if you look at conception or germination of a seed or conception in animals? The cells that are in that condition already have a biological vacuum. It's very important. There are some seeds that the husk is broken.

That's OK. It's important. If the seed is damaged, it won't germinate.

It's in a closed shell. Some seeds do, though. And if you look at the ovum and the sperm for conception, they're already in a biological vacuum.

They're living cells. So how do we see where it starts? You see, that's very, very difficult. Also, how do we capture it from its inception? So I'm putting these things out.

And I'm not naive. The chances of someone joining. This might sound really.

Well, I don't care what people think. The chances of someone emerging from a conversation like this or a proposal or things that I'm putting like this to work with me on it is like I could go. I better play the lottery on the Powerball and win the Powerball before someone comes forward.

Right. I mean, I'm not naive, but I'm putting it out anyway. Just like I say, go, you know, if I had too many beers, go play the Powerball.

OK, I play the Powerball. Then I find out a month later because I'm not going to look at the ticket that I won. That's possible.

Right. Right. Isn't it possible? Yeah.

So same here. I'm putting this out because there might be someone out there listening or someone listening that brings this up. I hope they can communicate because you can't communicate.

We will bring up anything I'm saying. If you could have halfway decent communication skills and bring it up to someone who brings it up to someone who brings it up to someone who knows someone who might be interested would probably be more of the reality of it. Right.

All right. So I'm being sarcastic because I'm not that stupid. I mean, I'm not that smart, but I'm not that stupid.

And I'm not naive. But if you can try to be naive. Yeah.

But if you can multiply the number of tickets bought, you do increase your chances. That's right. So the more I talk about it, the chances do increase.

Now, what's important here is because like I was stating earlier, these medical community and legal community, let's say the medical community, they're morons. Period. That's just if you were to classify them by law of averages, they're definitely morons.

Are there exceptions? Yes. The successes that they have with surgeries and stuff like that, who I can train in any type of surgery in less than a week, anyone, is because they've gotten that from the military development. All of that surgery was developed by the military.

Why? Anyone that takes basic military, military, let's say from an academic point of view, it's better to injure an army than kill them because an injured soldier takes two soldiers to maintain. So when you literally injure even a small portion of an army, you've basically disabled most of the army. Right.

To support them. So the so the thing was because when they're dead, you know, they're not going to develop surgeries for the dead. They're going to use the dead for practice, which is wrong, by the way.

You're not going to learn much other than basic anatomy. And the anatomy does change when you die, by the way, rapidly. They wanted to minimize the field hospitals and the wounded.

Right. In reality, the bookkeepers, if you're wounded, they just put a bullet in your head. That would be the best reality.

And keep moving. Right. So if you're injured, you take a suicide pill.

So being injured is the same as a fatality. You get it. Then you would have one hell of a dominant army, just like with Alexander the Great and other invasions.

What they did, they wanted to show that they meant to take over a city or a town. So when they landed with their ships, they set their own ships on fire. Right.

So that means they you know, there's no way back. You know, so every man. Well, like if I were to design a military, if you're injured, you take a suicide pill.

Well, see, that's why if you observe the stuff like Alexander. Yeah, if you observe Alexander and one of those movements. Yeah, if that was known, then we wouldn't have 90% of the medical procedures that exist today.

Right. But I'm just saying, I'm giving that as a hypothetical. Okay.

Right. That would be a perfect army. Or you move to a robotic army.

Right. Then there's none of this, oh, I lost my brother or my father or my sister or whatever. None of that.

Go to pure robots. Right. So and drones, which is that seems to be the case since the 80s, by the way.

You remember the early robots in the 80s? Military ones. Matter of fact. Yeah.

In the 80s, 40 years ago. So anyway. They had little they had little tank tracks on their for feet.

Yeah. Tracks to attract rent or skid steering. Yeah.

So. So the thing to do now is to come up with an elitist way of treating the human body for any kind of ill or whatever injury, trauma, toxicity, but not bringing it to the professional class, bringing it to the DIY class. You know, in other words, the people like what I've always been saying, you go to a neighborhood.

Hey, I just moved here. Let's say it's friendly. You know, let's just say, you know, one out of 100 chance you live, you live in a neighborhood where people want to know each other.

Right. That's not good, by the way. By the way, that's for me.

I don't know any of the neighbors around me. I mean, I've used to I've been here 20 some odd years, same place. But now I don't want to know who they are.

You know, I just wave hello and it's like, yeah, whatever. You tell me their name and I'm like, anyway. Then it's like a minute later, what's their name? I don't know.

I don't even bother recording it. So but here's the thing. Let's say you have a friendly neighborhood.

Oh, yeah. That guy, Jimmy, three houses down. He's really good with cars.

You know, I've been through this before. And Amy up the street here, she makes the best bread. And any baked goods are really good.

This guy right here, he knows the guy across the street. He's an electrician. He's good at general construction.

This guy here, he's a plumber. He's he's a lawyer down the street. You know, if you need anything, go to him.

Right. But you notice that they never say this guy is a really good medic. And if you need anything, go to him for you.

You ever hear that? Never, ever, ever. Not even historically. Historically, you would be called a doctor, a physician, not a medical doctor, which, as the name implies, physical, physicality, physiology, physician.

Right. Not medical doctor. Doctor doesn't mean anything.

Anyway, doctor just means teacher, a doctor of what medicine, pharmaceuticals. Right. So, by the way, many people I've heard I've been logging this now for 40 years.

When they go to these idiots and they have an ailment and he just he's the doctor is booked all day. So he's not going to really do any homework or study to find out how to help you. You know what they do? They say here are painkillers or antibiotics.

Look, you probably have some unknown virus. That's what they tell everyone. You have an unknown virus.

I can't help you. I can give you a painkiller. You know, they give you this, whatever the fashionable one is or this fashion.

By the way, the new antibiotics will kill you. Do not take any new. If you believe you might need some antibiotics, stick with the penicillin or amoxicillin.

Do not take any of the other stuff. They almost they almost even are trying to message and signal this to you by how bright and like a toxic turquoise blue. The pills come in.

They come in these toxic colors, you know, like those are you ready? Like those day glow colors almost. Yeah. But talk to pink looking stuff and all that.

Yeah. Because sometimes the medicines I do experiment with. Let me take a little bit of that.

This is for this. Let me just take it. Oh, my gosh.

It doesn't do anything. It'll kill you. It'll just completely destroy your insides.

Right. Right. Yellow stuff like that.

Yeah. But yeah, they're signaling, you know, because like in the jungle. Right.

We can't help it. We live in a natural environment, no matter how much we synthesize or make artificial. What's interesting is, you know, we still follow the rules of the jungle.

If you go into the jungle and you see an extremely bright, colorful frog. What is that signaling? I'm poison. Yeah.

So this is what they're doing. They're following. They can't avoid it.

Like the poison arrow frogs that a friend of mine had for a while. They had this bright orange like the cones on the street color on their back. With small black spots also, I think.

Exactly. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. So this is where it's at. And then make a little handbook on basic surgery.

The problem with surgery is it's just squeamish. But just go get a pig, a big piece of pork or something. Other animals don't.

The closest you're going to get to human is pork, right? Right. Pig. Yes.

Get everything. Muscle tissue. Cut everything down to.

It'll be bled out, though. The pig when you get it. If you get one that's not bled out, you'll have pretty accurate depiction of what human is like.

You don't need to do that, though. I think on the DIY level, you could even do orthoscopic. Here's the other thing also.

With the archaic stuff and the timing with the Phoenix and all that, I believe they're going to cut back public services and the grid way before 2040. Right. And you know how fast time goes.

I mean, we did the original O&G in 2015, and that's ridiculously. It seems ridiculously like recently. Right.

But it's 10 years. So 10 years is ridiculously short period of time for me. Very much so.

Right. Yeah. For other people, if you're really young, it seems like.

Because when you're really young, you don't want to be young. You want to become older. And when you're older, you keep wondering what's next, what's next, what's next.

And before you know it, you look at your watch. Five years just went by. Right.

That's a Pink Floyd song about that. Right. Every older person I ever talked to would always tell me that.

You don't realize it, but time is going to fly by real quick. And when you're 15 or 20, you're going, no, it's not. It's slow.

It's exactly the opposite. You get older, and then it starts flying by. It's like, oh, gee, that was already 20 years ago.

Yeah. You start doing stuff like that. Well, I have extremely well and good, fond memories with high retention of spending time in the New York Public Library on 42nd and 5th, back in 1984, 85, and reading.

It was like a year ago, right? And that's, what, 40 years ago? Man, get out of here. Yeah. Really? And I do the same thing when it comes to the 90s, because I'm like 10 years younger than you.

So exactly. There you go. So I reach the same age.

So I'm like, yeah. I mean, I remember it like it was maybe a year or two ago, and it's 40 years, right? So holy crap. Yeah.

Okay. Maybe I have attributes that allow me to do that, because I know people that, you know, a goldfish, right? Mm-hmm. Don't know what happened yesterday.

And I could get that way, too. But certain things that are important, you remember. Now, enough about those statements that I made.

I'm not going to continue more on the human body in general, but I got an email from someone regarding the thyroid. Okay. And I get a lot of questions like that regarding parts of the body in certain conditions.

And the first thing I want to just tell people, why don't we just, because we're all going to follow this standard operating procedure, right? Because we have, because, all right, if you ask any organ of the body, oh, that is a medical question or a biological. No one says a biological question. Everyone says medical, right, always.

Well, why? Don't call it medical. It's a biological question, right? And if it's biological, then why do we have to always lean to this clinical way of looking at it, academic way? Stop it. Right? So let's do this.

The anatomy can be trusted, because like I said, these morons through the decades, I didn't notice, we've been looking at the human body for thousands of years, but we only have information from the past 75 to 100, best, right? Mm-hmm. Why? But anyway, I want to interject something. You know, the Greeks, the ancient Greeks knew the heart was not a pump.

They said that the blood moved like a wave throughout the body. Mm-hmm. Think about it.

So if the heart is a brake, right, anyway, okay, they were correct. All right, so let's go back to this. So we bring up something like the thyroid.

I said I'm going to discuss this on a sonic. Okay. We can trust the anatomy, because these guys are good ditch diggers, these medical academic people.

They're good at digging ditches. Like if someone digs a really good ditch, you build a foundation, you can't just say, hey, look at this dummy. All you could do is dig ditches.

Man, you dig a good ditch, you're important, right? It's important that you do that well, right? No, it's very useful. It's very useful to have properly measured and directed ditches. It absolutely is.

Yeah, or grunts. These are all grunts. So the grunt work is necessary.

So let's call them grunts. And these grunts now, they've been able to amass, unfortunately, most of the stuff depicts a cadaver type anatomy, right? Right. So let's look at the thyroid.

When you look at the thyroid anatomy, you notice how it wraps around the throat section, the windpipe and all that area, you know, voice box and all that, right? Okay. Now, it's slightly different when you're alive. When you're dead, what happens is it expands.

So it's always going to seem, everything's going to seem more conflated when you look at their anatomy books. You always have to keep that in mind. That's from a cadaver, not a living being, right? So, and there's rapid change that takes place within minutes.

Not extremely, like there's not a big difference, but there is a difference. So just keep that in mind. First thing, remember, when you look at what these grunts have put together in anatomy, it's always a cadaver.

So this is what it looks like when you're dead, but I'm not dead, right? So we have to kind of go back and say, okay, I'm not dead, but that's what it looks like when you're dead, close enough, but that's not it, right? Okay. So then we look at the location of the thyroid. It looks like you had built this system, you know, that connects the head.

You know, you have the structure, the spine, the muscles, you know, the spinal erectors, all the neck muscles that come up from the clavicle, you know, the collarbone, all that stuff. You have a windpipe, you have glands, you have lymphatics, you have blood vessels, you have all covered in skin. Then you have this thing, like a spongy material that wraps around your throat, literally.

It almost looks like an alien. You know in the alien movies when the thing came out and stuck to your face? Yeah, it kind of looks like something went into your body and stuck to that part of your body, right? It doesn't look like it was grown there naturally, right? All the other elements that I described look like they were naturally emerging, just like when a tree grows, right? You have the various, you know, the sinew, all of the structure that you see between like the upper thorax, the upper part of your center body, everything in your neck. It looks very naturally combined.

Then you have this thing, sorry, it just wraps around like an alien creature. What the hell? What the hell? Almost like it's a sensor. You know, when you have like, imagine an elaborate plumbing technology where you have all these pipes and the plumber wants to know what's going on, so he straps this sensor thing around your pipe, right? And it has an x-ray built into it, sonic, like sonogram, it has temperature gate, you know, you strap it around the pipe and it gives you all this data, right? Imagine something like that, like an alien creature came and strapped around your neck.

Think of it like that. Then you start to see clearly what's going on with the thyroid. First of all, what kind of activity happens in the neck area there? In the neck area, what you're going to have is extreme, you have an interchangeability of mobility.

In other words, your body could be facing one way and your head could go another way and it's a very robust structure, right? Very robust. Very robust. And you have all the connectivity.

What's above your neck? Some people that I've met, they actually have something called a brain up there, right? And that has connectivity. So massive connectivity has to go through that area. What else is happening in that area? It's one of the most critical junction points to connect the regulation of the intake of air to the lungs, the organs that process it, right? It would be much more efficient to have gills on your chest, wouldn't it? Think about it.

It would, but all these key things come together at the head, though, because you have your ears, your eyes, all of these sensory inputs. Sure, all the venting. Yeah, but let's just stick with the neck.

So with the breathing, when you design an engine, there's something called runner length. It's critical when you do airplanes, combustion engine airplanes. Runner length is, if you have a combustion engine airplane and you screw up the length of the exhaust pipe, you may not have enough power at certain altitudes.

So runner length is the amount of distance that the air, either going into the engine or coming out of the engine, must maintain for the engine to be optimum, right? So the neck represents a runner length that's necessary. So there's a lot of things put together by design, engineering. It's very good engineering.

The worst engineering, obviously, is the groin. Why do you have something like this next to something like that, you know? The sewer next to the, right? You have the sewer and the reproduction at the same. And that one I'll never understand.

I'll just say that and leave it as that. I'll never understand why you have the reproductive area and the sewer so close together. Yeah, reproduction, a giant bundle of nerves, and also your waste disposal vent.

Yeah, right there. It's like, oh my gosh, is that a joke or what? You know? I mean, that's why I was, you know, I'm all in favor for a detachable penis or a detachable vagina. I think you can get vaginas now.

You don't even, anyway, need the rest of the body. But anyway. Yeah, so anyway.

They have flesh lights, too. That's another. Yeah, so I don't mean to be serious, but that's something that I just chalk up as being like, don't, so let's not go there.

But we just did. We did. Okay, so the thyroid, when you look at it, the main thing, you have all this circulation of lymphatic fluid.

Remember, you have more lymphatic fluid than you do blood in your body running up and down, right? You have all this stuff draining and going, passing directions. You have the nerves, all of the nerves generally that connect to the body pass there. You also have the air passing through there.

You also have what else is going on. You have all those things that I mentioned are dynamic functions, but they're like in a passive location. They have to go through there.

One thing that is the most dynamic and doesn't have to be used is what? Your speech, your voice box is there also. You've heard of the monks that have an oath of silence for like a month or 40 days or whatever, right? I believe that has something to do with the thyroid. It's not just you'll be better off not speaking, right? And you notice when certain people are in certain emotional conditions, I'm not speaking to you.

That ties in with the thyroid. So let's take it a little further. If you speak too much, you can damage the thyroid, right? Over-stimulate, not damage.

Over-stimulation, which leads to irritation. Lack of recovery then leads to persistent damage. That's the proper way to think of it, right? Yeah, that sounds right.

Right? You have overuse, irritation, lack of recovery, then damage. Because you can overuse and if you recover, hey, you recovered, right? Right. Now, not speaking will under-stimulate.

Under-stimulate. And under-stimulation has to be recovered also. Think about someone who's in bed for a month.

Under-stimulation, can they get up and walk whenever they want? Very rarely. Right. What they always call atrophy because things are not being used.

Under-stimulation. The old use it or lose it kind of thing. Yeah.

So let's take these extreme points and then bring it to the Midland where most people are, right? Because most people are not always speaking all the time unless you're the Greek or whatever. And then you have most people that are not always silent all the time. Unless the husband and wife are locked in a room and they ate each other.

So these are extreme situations. So most likely you're going to have a moderate amount of speaking. So if you have, here's the simple, this is like the cheapest way to go about it.

If you have thyroid issues, other than the passive dynamic set up of the structure that I mentioned by looking at it, the only thing that is not mandatory and not happening, let's say involuntarily, that affects the thyroid directly is speech. All the other things you do, they're all involuntary, right? The structure of the spine, the nerves, the fluids running, all involuntary. But the only thing involuntary is speech.

Right. Okay. So mind what you're doing.

Are you the type of person that speaks too much, doesn't speak enough, let's say, underspoken, overspoken, right? And I would try both. Maybe not speaking for a little while, speaking less, or maybe speaking more. See how that affects the thyroid health.

Also, there's this whole thing about hormone production, right? And we brought up the thyroid before this email even came in regarding radiation. I think it was with you, wasn't it? Yeah. So there wouldn't be much concern about taking iodine unless you have irradiated particles in your body.

If you get irradiated, right, by x-rays or anything like that, taking iodine doesn't help because it's done. Right. But when you intake particles that are now irradiating you from the inside out, yes, the iodine will damp that out somewhat.

Because remember, it's a halide. So anyway, the other thing with it is we're looking at the structure of the thyroid. It looks very spongy.

It's not, actually. I mean, it's pretty robust, but, you know, it's a soft tissue. It's robust enough to hold the structure.

What level of biological vacuum does it have to retain? What level of nutrition? You know, each organ takes on its different nutrition. You ever hear, like, this food's good for your kidneys, this food's good for your liver, this, right? Like, for example, what food is really good for your kidneys? Beans. Oh, my gosh.

How'd you figure that out? Because they're shaped like a kidney. Exactly like a bean, yeah. But it is possible to overdo it, right? So all these other things are similar.

Like, for example, it's an unclean food, but the little, what do they call it, baby rock, rock little clams? I forgot what they're called. Rock, you get it, right? Being in Jersey Shore, you should know your clams. Come on, man.

Yeah, yeah, well, there's the Chesapeake Bay type, and then there's the- The little rock, the ones with the rock in the name, what is it? Anyway, those look exactly like your liver. Eating those can help rebuild your liver, by the way. Right, the internal part of a clam does look a lot like a liver if you look at the part.

Exactly, and there's a Japanese medicine based on that, not based on it, but actually issues that people have damage to their liver. So anyway, lungs, lotus root. Look up lotus root and take a cross-section of lotus root and then look at the cross-section of the lungs.

It's identical, right? There's a study of, this is not the fix for the organs, but it's a corresponding archetype that exists in nature. What would be corresponding to the thyroid, right? A sea urchin, sea urchin material? Is that what it is? I don't know, I haven't looked at it. It would be sea urchin probably, and that needs to be studied.

So this is all I'm going to put out for now. I need to look into it a little bit, meditate on it a little bit more, but I wanted to put this out because this is a primer and a way to approach any part of the body. It's biology we're looking at.

What is its function? What's involuntary? What's voluntary, right? What form of intake can we immediately adjust our diet to benefit that, right? Yeah, those questions. Now, by the way, from any perspective, and I know a lot of, there's been, I think most of the people listening to me have not fallen for the paleo diet or the, what's the other one where you eat the keto? Ketosis. Yeah, oh my gosh, what's next? You know, these people that do the keto and the paleo, I have a better diet for them.

Hold your breath diet. Hold your breath for like a day. How about that? We'll put that together with the suicide pill for the military.

Anyway. Sounds good. By the way, a thyroid to me looks like two things, one, an old lady's bra, and two, kind of like a butterfly almost.

Mm-hmm. Yeah. There's symmetry.

Yeah. There's symmetry. So study that, and we'll revisit this again.

I'll dig in. Unfortunately, the internet is, you know, what's it called? The dead internet theory that most of the stuff is. Yeah.

Yeah. Not real. Okay.

It's fabricated by machines. Right. All right.

Yeah, or something. Yeah. So I'll see what's been archived.

I might have some things to access thyroid study, but not from a medical clinical, because they don't know, those morons. The most you're going to get from the medical community is what they call chemical biopsies and anatomy. And remember, it's all from dead people.

Right. Right. They don't know how to perceive the organ while it's still alive.

Right. I'm sure they have done studies like that, you know, where they tear people up, you know, in death camps or prisons. Yeah.

Or, you know, they just abduct people. Right. One does wonder why a see-through skin kind of study hasn't been done.

You know what I mean? Where there must be a way to do that. Right. Yeah.

There's many ways, but the best way to do it is to project intuitively. I'll give you an example. Like right now, what's interesting is I was like, oh, man, you know, I've been studying water for more than 20 years intensely and developing water technologies intensely.

And now that we've got the lab funded and any resources we want, I realized what a joke. Didn't need the lab at all. I create everything in my head.

Everything gets done in my head. I don't need the lab at all. The purpose of the lab is after I bring it up and bring it forward or manifest it down to the finest detail in my mind, then I can build it in the lab and blow it up or test it or whatever.

Right. But most of the time when I manifest the idea, it works. So we can go right to production with it.

Right. Because the principle is so strong. So that was a pretty good joke to be run on me.

Right. I think I've mentioned it. Some things have been brought to me that according to devices that I was using or brought up like the scalarator, all small form factor, and now they needed something very large.

And we can't make a scalarator that large. And in 15 minutes, I came up with a solution. And now there's another thing, and I came up with a solution for that based on the same principles.

This is freaking amazing. It's great. And lab, I mean, they're still looking to set it up or whatever.

When you have the funding, you know what they say. If you don't use it, you lose it. Right.

Absolutely. So, yeah. So the same thing is there's an intuitive aspect to this.

And, you know, these moronic medical people, academics, whatever, they say, oh, you can't do it. They'll tell you stuff like that. Right.

It's kind of like they'll make fun of you for saying that. It's kind of like Max Planck when there was some convention in Paris back in the 20s or 30s before the war broke out in Europe. And they asked him about his scientific studies.

There was someone who was interviewing him for a newspaper. And he says, what about your studies with science and nature? And he says, oh, science has nothing to do with nature. This is Max Planck saying this.

Right. You know, he's like one of the great atomic theorists. Right.

Supposedly. Moron. Yeah.

So, yeah. I think we're on a good foot with understanding the basics. And, by the way, did I mention that I went to chat GPT and asked them, is there a biological vacuum that holds all living things together? It says no.

Yeah. You mentioned it last time. Yeah.

Yeah. Very emphatically. No.

Very emphatically, too. So why are they saying that when obviously there is? Right. Why? There's a big agenda here that we've hit into.

But it also does that with, you know, it says show me the laws that state all debts belong to the United States. And it shows you, like, anywhere between three to 15 different places in all the codes and laws. Then if you ask it do all debts belong in the United States, it says no.

Right. Even though it just showed you the laws. Well, you just ask.

You don't ask it. You ask it show me which the verbiage in laws. Yeah.

And it brings up the UCC here, the U.S. Code here, the Code of Federal Regulations here are laws that state all debts belong, you know, anyway. Yeah. So it's kind of I think I commented on the tritango that what all it is is, you know, the flight AI, all it is is, you know, flight simulator software.

Yes. They took that logic train and converted it to looking up files and putting it together in a way that issues a human like response. That's all it is.

There you go. It's flight simulator software. So, you know, you know how complicated flight simulated software can be in order to make conditions.

But if they simplify it, then even, you know, a seven year old can fly a drone. So. Right.

Yeah. And it looks very realistic. Subtle movements translate to subtle.

Right. You program, you program wind speeds in the thing reacts like, you know, I was on one a long time ago and you put in a certain lateral wind speed. And no matter what you did, you couldn't fight it.

And then someone who was a pilot is, yeah, it's exactly what it's like, you know, you couldn't get back on the runway, you know, no matter what you did. So it was pretty accurate. So, yeah, that's what they're doing.

Don't be impressed by all this stupid shit. And one thing, you know, Trump and Musk, I think I should have said something about it when Trump, this is just total segue. When Musk was running everywhere with doge, you know, infiltrating, you know, and all that.

So I said, this isn't going to last too long. I have a feeling they're going to have a falling out. I should have said something, but now it's too late.

Let's see. Let's just not say, but I was saying, I think I did tell someone these two are going to have a falling out. This is what be everyone's being set up for publicity stunt here.

And what happened? Yeah, but it's, you know, it's fake anyway. Oh, that's right. It's a public.

In other words. Yeah. What Musk was doing was a publicity stunt.

And the only way to accentuate it, you know, and as it's all distraction, by the way, this is all right. All of this belongs to the United States. And, you know, it's every government and major corporate employee is funding their own salaries, right? Everyone.

And every single thing is meant to keep you distracted from getting to anything real. That's just the bottom line. Exactly.

But, you know, it's funny to look at the play and all this is just going to go away because there's going to be something coming up in the news and the next, how long were they playing the dog thing? Doge thing thing for about a month, maybe a month. They were leaving in and out of stuff. And then I call it a move.

Yeah. So this will play for another month and then watch what happens in about a month or before the fall. We're going to have some kind of quote unquote event, you know, because remember you don't have any events in the summer, unless they're military events.

Like the, when did the, the USS Liberty get shot up by the Israeli fighters that was in the summer. Wasn't it? I think that was in the summer and actually right now they're actually having these weird clashes in the streets in LA over the, you know, people are allegedly attacking federal agents who are doing ice. Yeah.

Yeah. That started, that was, I saw that popped up today. Right.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Something like that. So that's yeah. Whatever.

Yeah. And it'll justify the next thing as per usual. So there you go.

Yeah. It's just a show because the people have to have it that way. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.