Rated Y, Sonic Event 205 I think it is now. Anyway, here we are. Greek, how are you? Cool. 

I'm me, I guess. Doing it. You're you.

Yeah. I got a lot of, this is gonna, anyone who's been listening to me for a while is gonna feel like I went back like 15 years or 10 years after today, back to the more of the, let's say, aggressive way I talked about certain things. But yeah, got any questions for tonight or anything? I mean, there's tons of stuff going on we could talk about, but go ahead.

Sure, I do. We're going back to the dummy load tonight, though. Sort of. 

You're gonna see, we'll get a feeling for it, yeah. If you don't know what the dummy load is, then you did not obviously listen to the ones that I have opened up for free at ocelli.com. The Ocelli in the Greek series is all up there from the AFR days. Anyways.

Getting dummy loaded. Yeah, that's basically what you're gonna get here on this planet. Just saying.

I've got such a habit, when I talk, I meet people, you know, when I'm out. I'm actually more active than I've ever been because of the lab project and stuff. And I start talking to people and they kind of, I can see they're in between.

And before I really lose them, I say, have you been on this planet for more than a month? And they're like, what kind of question is that? I said, did you ever get to ask that before? Well, you were the first person to ask me that, but that doesn't necessarily mean anything. Yeah, so you got to know these things. Why are you asking me that? Because it seems like you don't know a lot about being here.

Objectively. Anyway, you know, related to that almost, and I know we've covered this before, but it's been so long, I don't remember. Many people talk about childhood trauma, but what are the Greeks' thoughts on that? How to break a pattern that's been a person with a person since the earliest days.

There had been a lot of talk about the voices in the head. Do trickster entities have a tendency to attach themselves to a person during a moment of intense shock? Okay, so there's two good questions there. You got it.

Okay. I'm going to answer it indirectly, but it's the same thing, right? Okay. It's like if I have a cut on my hand from a kitchen knife or a chain link fence or a plastic knife, it's a cut.

So we deal with it the same way, right? So you're dealing with past something that might have traumatized you. So what I would say there is everything is stored in a visual sense in our brains. So get a visual and an emotional feeling of what was bothering you as a child and then freeze frame it, stop it, make a thumbnail of it, a picture that represents it, and then expand that until it gets bigger and bigger and bigger, literally fills the room, bigger than a billboard, the biggest billboard you've ever seen, bigger than that big sphere they have in Las Vegas, so big that it fills the entire sky, that image, that same image I'm talking about still, so big that it's bigger than the sky, that's bigger than the earth, bigger than the universe, and then stop it, and then shrink it, make it smaller and smaller and smaller until it comes down to billboard size, it's in your room, now it's so small, it's in the palm of your hand, that same image, so small it becomes a grain of sand, keep making it smaller and smaller and smaller to infinity, and you're done.

And that's it, that's what your brain needs, because what happens if you retain these photographic, let's say, or images of trauma or memory, all your memory is imagery, even people who have never seen anything have images, but they're colors and swirls, even people born blind, they still have images and it's based on emotion, just like a lot of savants, when they do these 56,433 divided by 22,160 and they give you the answer right away, you're like, well, how'd you do that? So all those numbers become colors, right? So anyway, what I'm trying to say with this is, you can play back what I just said, there's a guy, John Mace, who came up with that, and I've been talking about something similar, when I heard his testimony about how to handle these quote-unquote psychological traumas, I was like, oh, that's basically what I'm talking about, but he narrows it down to everything being visual, which is mostly correct, so I agree with him and give him credit on that. And here's the thing about the psychology, just like the Catholic Church, by the way, years ago they would have, 500 years ago in Europe, there was this evolving medical industry for surgery, so they needed people to practice on, so the priests, they went out and collected confessions, and then a week later the priests became sheriffs and arrested the people for their confessions and handed them over to the doctors to experiment on in prison. So this is what the psychologists are doing, you ever hear them say, if you say something, I have to report it, if it's illegal, or whatever? Scumbags, they're all scumbags, the psychologists, psychiatrists, stay away, I just gave you the thing that they will never know and never figure out, not that I'm saying it's illegal, but I'm just saying, what they make you do is share, and it's idiots too, you hear idiots probably in your family, or friends, or on TV, they say, oh, you know, if you share it, if you talk about it, then you can work it through, no, with this method, I could do therapy with someone, and I don't want to know what the trauma is, it doesn't matter if you were butt-fucked 670 times in a day when you were 4 years old, it doesn't matter, I don't need to know, no one needs to know, but you need to be able to recall the feeling and the image, that's the pitfall of modern psychology, and people say it, they say, why don't you talk about it? One thing about this, I got a question from me now, about the blind people and how it is you know that, because quite honestly, the only reason why I know you're correct, is because I spent a lot of time talking to completely blind people, because I was close to blind, and went to blind camp, so I spent time with those kids, and I used to ask them questions like, how do you picture these things? And it took a little while, but I understood it, and you're essentially right, but it's about a personal image, not necessarily the image itself, that's why you don't have to share it, because you could spend 100 years, or let's say 10 hours trying to explain the image to work it through, it doesn't matter, it's what's already in your head, and here's the thing, if you don't work out these young personal traumas, or even recent traumas, what happens is, when it's stored in the brain, it's stored in where it's stored, not in the brain, right? In you, let's say, in your essence, you start changing the way your identity is, your personality, to accommodate that trauma, so most people's persona is based on traumas that they haven't dealt with, that they're accommodating through the changing of their character, how many times have you met someone, I haven't seen Jim in a long time, how's Jim doing? I haven't seen him in years, but I ran into him the other day, he's changed, how many times have you heard that, right? Yeah, people run into me after 10 years, man, you're saying the same stuff, you haven't changed a bit, I'm like, well, thank you, whatever, but you have to work these things out, and they're personal, and here's, it's the opposite of what everyone's been taught, you know, that therapy, that Freudian, the couch, I call it, just call it the couch, it means, says everything, you sit down, you tell the psychiatrist everything, or psychologist, right? And it's so funny when you call a psychologist a psychiatrist, and a psychiatrist a psychologist, how they get insulted both ways, and that's so funny, and they're both morons, they don't even know it, right? Right, one's got a prescription pen, the other one doesn't, but outside of that, who cares, you know, it's the same crap.

I want to get into the moronic medical, it's getting to the point where there are no exceptions in the medical industry, they're all morons, I haven't, actually there are exceptions, but they've run away, completely, I mean, like, they quit and run away, and I've lost touch, let's say, but before I do that, before you go to another question, I brought up, Brandon... You're a psychologist or a psychiatrist, though, it's absolutely based on bullshit, there's absolutely nothing to it. Neurosurgeons are based on bullshit, okay, brain surgeons are based on bullshit, but... But it's at least based on something, it's psychology, psychiatrist, psychiatrist, garbage. I want to bring up another article, too, a woman who had sex with 500 men in one day, and they said, what are the physical things, it just popped up in the, I look at what really happened, they put that in there, and it's all, they said, she has all these chemical imbalances in the list of all these hormones and things, and I'm like, bullshit, no one knows, how did they know those hormones even exist in the body? They took a blood sample, they centrifuged the blood sample, then they isolated what they centrifuged, then they combined it with other chemicals to see what reactions would take place, then they go to a chart and say, because we put hydrogen peroxide in there, and this much carbon dioxide came off, that means that there's this much of this, bullshit, no one knows what's in your cells, chemically, because actually, to find out what's in the cell, chemically, you're actually changing it.

So that's all right, let them categorize, this is the danger of it, so that you have too much of this moronic fluid in your cell, and the way we get rid of it is by adding this other chemical that will inhibit it, it's called an inhibitor, right? Bullshit, bullshit, and the side effects are far worse than, it's all bullshit, and it's all a prank. There are very few people on this planet that have ever known what's going on, and it still is that way. So, before I get in, I think I harped enough on the medical people, but this is, I have to commend, this is Brandon Joe Williams, I'll play it through my speaker, I should say, it's called the Sovereignist Citizen of Land, it's a live Austin meeting, or somewhere like that, on the end of April, this is day one, and he gets up in the middle, because everyone's talking about it, I took this to an attorney, he told me this, bullshit, I called a banker, he said this, bullshit, right, and this is like, after about maybe half a dozen people giving testimony, Brandon Joe Williams stands up and starts saying this, it's just about a minute or two.

Things from all sorts of different people, there's banks, there's banks that, it says pending, and they're like, pending the loan, and it just sits there, and they call in, nobody knows, everyone's confused, nobody has a fucking clue, everybody's running around with their heads chopped off, you go on the DMV, none of them have any fucking clue, everyone's lost their fucking mind, we don't know, I have no idea, there's so much craziness, and so many people, and so many things, for all I know, they just say fuck this, everyone says fuck this, they jam it in a drawer, and that's the end of it, and nobody ever sees it again, I'm not even kidding, and you're just driving around, and it's just never gonna get processed, I mean, that's just, everyone sees it, and they go, fuck, you gonna do this, fuck, I don't even know what the fuck this is, the guy says he's an attorney, in fact, oh, don't call that guy, you know what I mean, you don't know, you know, so the thing is, is there's just so much craziness with this, and these guys have never ever seen anyone do this, and they're all stupid as fuck, so I've talked to bankers with like 30, 35 years of experience, hey, I have a question for you, what's a negotiable instrument? Oh, yeah, I heard about that before, oh, yeah, is that, that's like a security, that's a security, right, it's like, motherfucker, you've been working for the bank for 30 fucking years, makes me wanna just take like a claw hammer to the fucking face, you know what I mean, so I don't wanna get too many peppered different questions, where it's like, well, this and that and this and that, yeah, we're gonna keep seeing a lot of that, there's gonna be a lot of fucking weirdness, a lot of chaos, you're gonna see shit, whether you just stick it in a drawer, and nobody can ever find it again, well, fuck it, drive the car around, till someone cleans out the drawer in fucking seven years, or something, I don't know, I mean, that's, you know, that's basically it right there. So my... Yeah, so he's getting it, he's getting it finally, in other words, when you start listening to Brandon Joe Williams, he's like, yeah, just tell him this, this negotiable instruments, this, this, that, go to, yeah, they know what this, and he finally, finally after a couple years doing this, he says no one knows shit, attorneys don't know anything, bankers don't know anything. So what's going on with all these professionals, doctors, lawyers, attorneys, is they show up at a college, and they go work wherever they do, and they give them this giant box with square pegs, and they tell them, you see all these square holes, all these square pegs, go into all these square holes, and this is what you're gonna be doing for the rest of your life.

That's the mental challenge they have. And then like, someday, a round peg shows up, oh no, oh no, right, or they get a round hole, oh no, oh no, these are the professionals. When I'm talking about the normies, the normies, the non-professional people, don't even exist in my book, they're the space eaters, they take up space and give off heat.

When I say the people are dumb, I'm talking about your priests, your rabbis, your doctors, your lawyers, your accountants, your judges, your prime ministers, you know, the professional classes, that's what your society is made of. In other words, when the alien saucer lands on the front lawn and they come out since the 50s, what do the aliens always say? Take me to your leader. Yeah, so who are you? You don't care.

Take me to your leader. So that's what I'm talking about, I'm talking about your leaders. Your leaders are not necessarily the politicians.

It's what category, when you say leader, what are you talking about? Dentistry, that's your dentist. You're talking about physical health and fitness, that would be a medical doctor. You're talking about law, your leader would be your attorney or lawyer.

For spirituality, it would be your priest. You see, I'm kind of spreading it out, right? Because even if you went to the quote-unquote president, any questions regarding spirituality, he would go where? He would go to the priest. Any medical question from the alien, where does the president go? Bring in a doctor.

Yeah, see, so when I say leaders, it's subject sensitive. So I've been saying, anyone who's been listening for a while, I've been very adamant about how moronic people are. I think when you and I got together, it's been over 10 years now, I haven't changed a bit.

It's gotten not worse, it's the same, which makes it worse, right? Which makes it worse, but the newer, and I see the newer people come on the scene on the Internet. So here's another way to put it. You can go to YouTube University and research like bills of exchange to go what is money, negotiable instruments, law, or even medicine.

And some young podcaster who's been doing this for six months knows more about that field than any attorney or any accountant or any doctor on anything, right? You wouldn't believe how many times I've been brought into a Skype call, podcast, whatever, private call actually, not a podcast, with an alternative medicine doctor. And the person was like, you've got to speak to the Greek. And I get on, they introduce themselves.

And they say, yeah, tell them about that thing you have that you said reduces blood pressure naturally. And I let them talk and talk, and I said, okay, I explained how blood pressure is a fiction, and they get it. And the first thing they say, but I've been practicing medicine for 35 years.

What? I don't care if you've been practicing for 3,500 years. You're a moron, right? And this always, whenever I'm brought to a medical person, it always works that way. I've met with medical people here in Tucson.

And after a while, it's like, do I really want to, like, nail them and floor them, or I just want to, like, be cordial and change the subject and, you know, but let them know they don't know, but it's unspoken, right, the unspoken stuff. And that's what I prefer to do lately because if you traumatize them, then any bullshit care they're giving their patients, this is all bullshit, the best care you're going to get from a medical person is when they tell you what? Go home and rest, right? So why don't you just do that anyway, right? So anyway. The only exception there that I've always said is that it's like the battlefield medic sort of stuff.

Absolutely. You got an iron bar sticking out of your neck. Yeah.

Right? They have the tools and some knowledge, some knowledge to get it out, right? Anyone in ER, they sit there with a wound for hours and hours. That needs to be treated within the first three to five minutes for it to heal immediately, right? Three to five hours, you're talking weeks and months for it to heal, right? Because now the body's facilitated. It is possible.

It is possible to, like, you know how fast they can scoop someone off, a paramedic can scoop someone off the street. They can apply all of the treatment necessary right in transport or immediately. And if you know any paramedics, they hate the doctors, and the paramedics call the paramedics, the doctors call the paramedics taxi drivers, right? They don't like each other, by the way.

Paramedics and hospital people don't like each other. Conflict, because I'll tell you why. A lot of times paramedics bring someone, and they're almost ambulatory, they're fine, and then they find out the person died when they went to the hospital.

Like, how could he have died? Right. I mean, he was doing fine, right? And then you have other things where the person is barely alive, and the paramedics do the right thing, and then they're fine when they get to the doctors, and everyone credits the doctors, but it was really the paramedics that saved his life or her life. You see? So there's confusion.

There's no one knows what's going on. And this is, we went over the last slide. It's a testament to the robustness of the human condition.

I'm using that word however you want to take it. You know, the man's condition. We are very, very robust creatures.

And to hearken back to what Charles Fort said, we are owned. We are on a farm. Somebody owns us.

We don't have real, let's say, politics. We don't have real governments. We don't have real medicine.

We don't have real religion, let's say. We don't have real science. It's all fake.

And it's all fake for the same reason that, let's say, you want an aquarium in your living room. You go out. You buy the tank, and you put the water in there.

Let it sit for a few days. Check the pH. Check the ammonia level.

Then you put the fish in. And then you put like this fake rocks and fake scenery on the back of the aquarium. And then you're like, hmm, I think I want to change the scenery now.

We're going to go from medieval to pre-industrial. How's that? And boom, you put the fake rock, the fake thing, right? It's all fake. All fake.

There's no continuation of anything. It's all fake because we're owned. And what happens when you're tired of those fish and you can't take them where you're going to next year? Flush them down the toilet, right? That was the thing to do, right? So, yeah.

So that's why you're getting flushed down the toilet one at a time here. However, that's how you're treated. Oh, my gosh.

Yeah. So I'm not going to get into a rant, but I could substantiate anyone who's listening that's got two brain cells to rub together and a third brain cell as a spare gets what I'm saying, hopefully. And if you've been on this planet for more than 30 days, you should know what I'm saying.

So the thing about this, I brought it up again because there's a lot of seriousness about people talking, oh, the medical industry is a scam. You hear that more now than ever before. Like people from all walks of life, right? Not just the disadvantaged or disprivileged, like insurance.

We're talking about everyone. Everyone's saying the government's a scam. Everyone's saying the money system's a scam.

Everyone's saying, ah, okay. So where have you been for the last 4,500 years or the last 90 years? Because we have a new form of country here. People don't know that in 1933, there was a major revolution on paper and the republic became a democracy.

But anyway, which is no different. It would have been better if like the Red Army came over here and took over because then it would be, you don't have to read to know that, right? But to know that you lost your country and you volunteered into it means you have to read. So people will never find out that happened.

But if the Red Army came over here and took over, you would know that because it would be, you don't have to read to know that because it's in your street, it's in your face, right? So why does it have to be in your face like that for it to happen? It doesn't. It can happen on paper. It can happen in all of your codes, laws and regulations and behaviors, right? All the banking that's being done, all the police, the medical, all that stuff is what an enemy occupier does.

Everything the doctors are doing, the police are doing, the government is doing, the banks are doing, the accountants are doing is what an enemy occupying force would do to your people. And you love it. You actually tell your children to go and join those professions.

With an enemy occupying force, though, you don't have the same consent, right? You have the possibility of resistance. You have the resistance, and the resistance here is called the alternative movement, which is not. It's not alternative at all.

When you go to alternative movement, they don't know how the body works. So what the hell are you talking about? It's not an alternative, but that's the thing. They have zero knowledge of how the body works.

All they know is that, guess what? You get a cut, you better stop the bleeding. And how do we do that? We sit on the motherfucker's arm, right? Yeah, put pressure on it. Wrap it up.

But they don't know how to do that. They can't optimize it. There are some optimizations going on, and I'm not going to take credit for it because I've been talking about this for a long time.

But the more I look on optimizing wounds, and so I start seeing methods, things that I've talked about that rely on the biological vacuum in the body. But they will never say that we're under a vacuum. They can't.

And they don't know it either. And they will never say the heart is not a pump. There's more and more people, but they're still bullshit.

They don't know what moves. So it would be quite interesting. In the financial one, there's a lot of people coming out saying, this is how it works.

These are negotiable instruments. This is how you signature. This is how it goes to the Federal Reserve, the application.

They get the full amount. Then you sign a promissory note. They get paid again.

And you might have signed a contract. They get paid again. And then you make payments, and you pay again.

And then those interest payments make it as if you paid twice, and then you pay again. So now you've paid five times for the car over on paper. Right.

And five times you've paid for it already. We're not talking about the car's been paid for. We're not talking about through your income through labor.

We're talking about on the books. So when you apply for a car loan, the car is fully paid for. And then you do a contract.

The car is fully paid for again. Right. And then you get the car.

You make payments with interest. The car is paid for again with the principal, and the interest sometimes doubles. Paid for again.

So four or five times you've paid for it on paper. And I'm not talking about going working and taking part of your check. I'm talking about on paper the car has been paid.

The house has been paid. So people who say I paid off my car, I paid off my house, have paid for it four times at least already. Maybe five.

In some cases, it could be as much as ten times. Because they'll tell you you apply, and they deny you it's been paid for. And then a month later, they say, why don't you come in and apply again? They deny you again.

They call you a month later. Come in and apply again. Every application pays for the entire amount.

Right. Yeah. This is what's going on.

So there's plenty of stuff on that on the Internet. Actually, yeah, there is. But there's nothing on the human body.

Nothing. Zero. Do we want to be the first ones to do it? Do we want to trailblaze that? Anybody want to invest in that? I don't want to do it alone.

No, I'd love to see it done, but I don't. It needs to be done. You know, here's the thing.

I'm a cancer survivor, dickhead. If you didn't get cancer, you would have died in your sleep. You ever heard that? We've got to fight cancer, cure cancer.

Okay. So if you cure cancer, people will be dying in their sleep, and you won't even know why. Right.

You'll be dying overnight. You'll be dying of sepsis in three days if you don't get cancer. There you go.

Cancer is like, you know how when there's a car accident and the traffic control comes down, they put up a blockade and flares and redirect traffic? Yep. That's what cancer is. Right.

So imagine there's a, have you seen those videos where there's a, it's really snowy, you can't see, and there's a crash, and then it just keeps coming because you don't see through the snow. You didn't know there was a crash in front of you. And then here comes another car.

Boom. It's like these a hundred car pileups in the snow. Yeah.

They just keep hitting each other because they can't see in front of themselves. Yeah, exactly. That's what's going on with the cancer thing.

Right. Yeah. There's nothing to cure.

There's nothing to, yeah. So when you change your behavior, you change your input and you change your environment and your conditions, the cancer goes away. But you sometimes, is it possible to do a road? What do you call it when the traffic shows up to redirect traffic? It's not really a road block, is it? There's a term for it, an engineering term.

I forgot what it's called. They say redirect, you know, you send police out to redirect traffic and they- Yeah. What is the staging called though? You know, when they put the cones up and the flares and they redirect, you know, they do a bypass or whatever.

A diversion or a bypass. Yeah, a diversion. Yeah.

So imagine, can you have one that's so intense that you can't clear it quickly? Yeah, it's possible. I've seen like around the White House when they're going to do the big speeches, they put these concrete piers in the road, right? You can't just move those the next day. They have to bring in special things, you know, those concrete barriers.

Yeah, there's a machine that picks them up and moves them. Yeah, exactly. So you can get real intense with some cancers and stuff.

And if a cancer eats you up real fast, fast acting, that just means the condition that you had that caused the cancer to keep you alive was so aggressive that the cancer was aggressive. Cancer is a countermeasure. That's a way to put it.

Cancer is a countermeasure that the body puts up. It's incredible. See, they can't talk about this.

There are people who know about this because I've discussed it with some people and they're like, yeah, that's exactly what it's doing. So they wouldn't say, when you see their eyes light up, it's like, finally, someone else who can actually communicate what's going on because I had a feeling, I just didn't know how to communicate it, right? When you view it that way, you can actually treat the overall condition. Anyway, so it's very – I shouldn't say – I'm not frustrated.

I'm in the twilight zone, right? Imagine you've seen the twilight zones, right? And the victim, I called up the character that the episode is focused on, the victim typically, right? Yeah, that's the one that's always confused or going, where do I go, where do I go? Whether it's an astronaut or whatever. It could be an entire neighborhood sometimes become victim to something. They don't know that they're in the twilight zone, right? So I know I'm in the twilight zone and I'm experiencing the twilight zone, so how can I be upset or frustrated about it? I might sound like it because that's just the way to convey the information.

I'm totally cool with it. I get it. The reason why that character is upset is because they're looking for the normal behavior and they're not getting it and they're going, why is this character confused? It's an episode called the twilight zone.

Yeah, they don't know that they're in the twilight zone, right? That's like a cartoon character doesn't know he's just a bunch of ink drawings or pixels or something, right? They don't know that. Supposedly, some of them do. I like where the cartoon characters, where one shows up with an eraser and he starts erasing the other character, you know, kind of thing.

Yeah, so that's what's going on. Anyway, I wanted to just share that because you notice a big change and Brandon Joe Williams there, I don't know who I was listening to, he's like, these motherfuckers don't know anything. They don't, and I've been saying this for a long time.

They don't know anything. Now, here's the thing for all you people out there that are just trying to get by. In order to be an attorney or a doctor, an accountant, a priest, you don't have to know anything.

You just have to smell, look, and sound like one of those people, right? And people say, Greek, you're so smart. Well, typically, my two answers to that are this. One is, no, I'm not smarter.

I'm just less dumb, maybe. And the other one is, how do you know I'm smart? Now, I'm just not, like, sounding smart and looking smart. What's the difference between being smart and sounding like I'm smart? Well, I've never heard anybody answer that properly, but go ahead.

Yeah, well, here's the thing. Here's an example of someone who is totally vacuous but sounds smart and appears to be smart and is accepted as being smart. You're eight college professors without exception.

They're all like that. They're all vacuous. Because if you actually knew the material, you wouldn't be there.

You would have been fired, right? Plus, I'll tell you what my experience with those people is, is that they never know anything outside of that material. I mean, literally, they're incapable of knowing just about anything else outside of knowing that material, if you're lucky. Well, here's the thing.

Let's just take a lighter approach, a more conventional approach. How many times have you heard about professors, and they start doing podcasts about alternative stuff? What does the university do to them? Fires them. We know one, the Arab guy.

The guy, he was on Veterans Today. He was popular during the Arab Spring. He worked for some university, and then he started being pro or whatever.

Kevin, right? Yeah, Kevin, whatever. Yeah, and he speaks Arabic. Yeah, exactly.

Yeah, you know what I'm talking about. There's many professors that have been fired because they said, oh, you're too political or whatever. No, it's the opposite.

So they're all morons without exception. Now, the exceptions, this is where the exceptions with the doctors, dentists, all these. Now, by the way, if you're going to go with any of these morons, these professionals, the one that is the most essential is the dentist, and then, of course, anyone that's going to treat an emergency, right? Dentistry is very important to be close with, and you have to know what you want done with dentistry, by the way.

I've actually heard people go, had a problem with a tooth, and go to a dentist and ask the dentist what was wrong with them. And that was just like a comedy back and forth. No, it's ridiculous.

There's no way. I've got a bad tooth right now, and I know what needs to be done with it. It's just that I can't see well enough to do it, and therefore, I would just tell them, look, you've got to clean this out, and remove this, and then I'm fine, you know? Well, yeah, the extractions and all that.

Yeah, it's interesting how it could go. But you go to one of these medical morons. You better know exactly what you want.

Pick a procedure from their manuals. Pick which one you think you want, and then tell him, review, review. Because they don't know what's going on.

They really don't. They appear like they do, all of them, if they did know what's going on. I've also had, by the way, I'll interject this instead of saying if they did know what's going on.

There are a few medical people out there, and they look at the procedures and how dumb the people are. And they're like, this could be done better. And they get reprimanded.

It says, we don't want you to do it better. We want you to do it the standard accepted way is what they constantly get told. That's why if you know anyone that's trying to get a patent for a medical device, it's like 12 years of reviewing.

Even though if it was just implemented right now, it would help tons of people right away. But why do they delay it? Because you're under an enemy occupation. They control your medical, spiritual, accounting, blah, blah, blah.

I've put up letters in the financial group where the IRS commissioner in 1985 actually put an internal memo. He says, what we're doing is completely illegal. And if anybody states so, we should comply and give them back any money they paid us.

I'm just paraphrasing. It's two paragraphs long. And he even says, if they do cite the Constitution, what we're doing is completely illegal and whatever, these are the forms they should use.

And you should tell them to set up a trust so we can send it to the trust. Because you can't send it to the same entity that you've been fleecing. Because what happened with the IRS and all these other property tax and stuff, back in the 50s after World War II, it was 1% voluntary tax.

So most people said, oh, yeah, I want to help the government. I'll take 1%. You know, it's a penny.

And then they started putting people in the news, like Max Schliemann, who was a boxer. They made him fight Joe Williams and he lost just to pay an IRS debt of like $10,000, which is like half a million now, right, or a quarter of a million now. And they started putting every 10 years a famous person, Willie Nelson, Helmsley, the owner of Helmsley.

Then Wesley Snipes. They put them in the media. Oh, Schmeling.

You're talking about Schmeling. Yeah, right, Max Schmeling. Right, right, right, right.

Max Schmeling was the first one they did in the 50s, right? Right, right. Because back then it was just 1% tax. Oh, this IRS is no joke, man.

You put all this stupid stuff. Because what happened, a whole bunch of bad actors, maybe Jewish lawyers and accountants, went in the offices and saw what they could get away with. And then that became a culture in the IRS or the franchise boards.

You know, the United States Department of Fiscal Services and the Treasury are the only two people that can do anything legally. Everything else is by private contract. So what happened, a whole bunch of bad actors went into these agencies, your counties, your cities, your states, and started levying all these taxes and acting brutally against the people.

And the people accepted. Why? Because they also controlled the media, just like an occupying force would. Another good thing is there's a couple of movies.

I forgot something. I think State is in the title. These aliens landed on Earth and they took over all the governments and started taking, you know, they rarely show the aliens.

They look like these porcupine creatures, very fast moving. And they still allowed, the aliens took over everything, and they still allowed like sport games and elections and all that. But when they took over, the aliens told the human media, every day in the news and the media you have to put that the politicians are negotiating with the aliens to make things better every day.

That was in the news. But every day things got worse and worse and worse. And people are like, they're lying to us, aren't they? We got to get these fucking alien things, right? So that was perfect because that's exactly what's going on.

They use the media. The media, by the way, is university. Here's the thing why university is bullshit, all of it.

How can they tell you how the human body works, history or anything, in university and then counter it on the history channel on TV? They have to tell you what the history channel or the medical channel on TV is telling you. They all have to be synced up. So what you see, I say, why are you spending, why are you saving for college? Just watch TV.

It's the same stuff. Oh, but you don't get a degree. Oh my gosh, you don't get it, do you? Right? So when have you gone and looked at university textbooks, any subject, and look at what they show about those subjects on TV and they differ? When? Never.

It's the same. So skip the university, save the small fortune, and watch television. You'll be just as smart.

I'm telling you. And there's nobody saying this. Anyway, I'm going to, I sound like I'm on a soapbox yelling at everyone, which I am.

Any other questions? Oh, yeah, okay. I've got a couple of comments and things here. Let's see.

All right. Greek mentioned in 204 about looking through, quote, notes when he couldn't find a missing part. I know of dream journals, but he's mentioned making sure he can see individuals' mouths moving.

Being a dream walker and fixing his attention on items to verify that he's not in a dream state. Is note-taking part of that process to catch the system messing with you, or was that just a side commentary? No, I think note-taking, well, here's the thing. If you're really good, like the Terminator, if you see the Terminator movies, his point of view, he's taking notes because, you know, when they give you the Terminator's point of view, you see the red letters line up, and he's always choosing the targets as targeted.

You know, the Terminator's point of view in the movie, the Terminator was Schwarzenegger and whatever. Yeah, if you're really good, you don't need to write it down, right? If you're really good with that. But I suggest writing things down to memorialize them for others, because let's say you can internalize all the notes and be a really good note-taker and have an indelible memory and all that.

If you tell someone what you took notes on and still have those notes mentally from a year ago, they won't believe you. But if you have it on paper, you can share that with them, right? Mm-hmm. And you can date that and say, here's my... It's called memorialization.

So for memorialization, write things down as much as you can. I've heard of people go through dream journals and stuff, and they wake up in the middle of the night, and they look, and they write right away, you know, before they forget it, you know, in their dream journal, right in the middle of the night. Yeah, you can have that.

But you have to discern, you know, the dreams that we consider conventional dreams are done by tricksters. The travel, you know, the reason why we sleep, you know, the excuses for the physical body recovery. Yes, what is it, a week or ten days without sleep, you die.

Right. But we're being used. It's a very efficient universe.

We're being used while we sleep somewhere else. We're being plugged. Because our consciousness is not really in our body, but our consciousness in this realm relies a body, right? Because if you kill the body, stop the body, the consciousness goes off.

It's like unplugging the TV or removing the screen from the TV. You know, maybe it's still playing, but no one can see it, right? So I would say journaling is very important, if that would be the crux of the question. Absolutely.

Taking notes and seeing what's real or not. But I don't think we're allowed to objectify too much here. That's why I go along with it.

Make some, what do you call it, snap judgments in your life about everything, and then remember what those quick judgments were, and then follow through and see if that judgment was valid, because that will help you to make quick decisions and things like that. Because you're going to need that. If you wake up from a dream, it's very rare that you remember all the details much later, right? Right.

So work on your memory and all that, and a quick judgment on what that was about. Absolutely. That's a good way to look at it.

Okay. Interesting side note on the blockchain. Your, quote, signature, end quote, is used to validate the transaction.

It's digital consent in this consent-based terrarium, is what this comment is. Yeah, but it's more than that. The signature is your gold.

The signature, imagine, like, if there was lawful money, in order to create or complete a transaction, you drop a silver coin or some gold or a note for gold or silver. That's what your signature is. But you're not told that, right? That's the most incredible theft.

I was in Walmart the other day, and people were talking about how prices are going up. No, the prices are going up because the money is worth less. So that means you have to work more to get the same stuff because you're working for that money.

If you didn't work for that money, you wouldn't view the prices as going up, right? Because your labor is either getting shittier or the money is being devalued when the labor is still good. So that means you're being ripped off, right? So if your labor is just as good as it was a year ago and your paycheck hasn't changed and you have to spend more of it to get the same stuff, you're being stolen from, right? So it's all theft. And also you can't save money in a credit-based economy because let's say it was 1950 and you had a time machine and you said, when I get to the year 2004, let's say, I'm going to take this $2,000 so I could buy a brand new car.

Yeah. But you show up in 2004 and you walk in with $2,000, you can't even buy the tires maybe. You'll put a down payment on it, they'll tell you.

Yeah, you can put a down payment, right. Yeah, which is illegal anyway. It's either all cash or all credit.

There's no down payments. But no one's arguing. The banks are paying off the politicians to never talk about the money system.

That's what they're paying the politicians off for. So when Nancy Pelosi goes in on, what is it, $180,000, $280,000 a year for a senator and she comes out worth $80 million, it's because she's been paid by the bankers or enriched by the bankers not to talk about the money. And they don't.

They never talk about the money. Remember the smart people? They sound smart. The government sounds like they're being fiscally responsible but they're not at all.

That's what they're being paid and bribed and whatever not to talk about, right. And it's not up to them. That's why whenever you bring an argument up, like, for example, when someone sued Fox News for libel a long time ago and the court, they threw it out because the judge says they're an entertainment company, they can't libel you.

Well, actually, the defense attorney said it and the judge accepted it. That's what happened. Oh, his own side did it.

His own side did it, yeah. Or actually, the defense attorney. Okay, so not the plaintiff, the defendant did it.

Yeah, so basically it got thrown out based on, yeah. Yeah, basically they said defend this and they said, well, we can't because we're an entertainment company anyway. And boom, the judge agreed.

Yeah, they're an entertainment company, so what are you going to do? And that's what the university says. We don't have a duty to educate you. We provide a credit system and we find that you have appropriate credits.

The trustees, if you look at diploma, the trustees believe that you have enough credits to get this degree. There's no education in there at all. Well, whatever, learning.

Yeah, it's really sad. And the thing is, I've known this for decades, decades with a capital D. I've known this, but it's important to reiterate it. I've noticed a lot of the new subs and people that have been communicating lately are in their 20s and 30s.

And they haven't been rubbed down with this kind of stuff. You know when you get a good rub down, you remember it, right? Yep. Whatever you want to call it, whatever body part, whatever.

So they haven't been rubbed down with this and they're not going to get this anywhere else at all because it's a planet full of idiots. Anyway, what else you got? There you go. Okay, last thing is, as far as what came first, the chicken or the egg, unless the chicken was the first animal to lay an egg, the egg came first is what this person said.

Well, you could say that, but it's not the same egg. It's a different type of egg because that egg requires a chicken to make it. So they come at the same time.

Like, for example, they come at the same time or the chicken comes first and the intent of the chicken. That's why when they say, why did the chicken cross the road? I said, that's not, don't have to ask that because who can question the intent of a chicken? So it's all based on intent. So what I'm saying here is very simple.

They came at the same time. It's just like when you buy a car and you open the trunk and you see a depression for a spare tire and in that depression of the sheet metal for the spare tire, there is a spare tire, which came first. And it was all made together.

Right. Right? It was all made together. It was made to repopulate.

Right? So that's where the creation aspect comes in and that creation vessel or whatever. Yeah. And then it goes into what an atom is.

You know, it's all frequency and energy. It was all set up at the same time. Evolution is easy to bust because like a giraffe evolved a long neck.

Well, you had to evolve a trachea, you had to evolve this, this, this, this, and that, and a heart all at the same time. Right. Right.

And if those things weren't set up for a long neck, the neck wouldn't have gotten longer. Right? So anyway, so yeah, the trick is most of the cliches and paradoxes we put in front of us are idiot questions. In other words, they're so simple, but we're trained to see who's conditioned to say there's no answer for that.

When they're all answerable, all of them. And a basic on human physiology is that women are born with all of the, you know, what they casually call an egg, but it's an ovum. They're born with all of them to begin with.

Pretty much. Yeah. Most studies will show that you come fully, fully packed.

Yeah. Yeah. The weird thing is that one of the pieces that ends up becoming you, one of the very little pieces that ends up becoming you was actually inside the body of your grandmother at one point.

It's just so simple. You know? Yeah. I mean, it's, yeah, we're not, this is like what they call first principle stuff, pure objectification.

You know, how do you tell cartoon characters that they're actually pixels on a screen and they're just code that's being projected through some chips that are animating, you know, the screen? It's really hard to objectify that. You know, they don't want to hear that. And even if you wanted to hear it, no one's going to say it.

And even if someone, it's done in a way that we can't really talk about pure objectification. Yeah. There you go.

So that's the end of all my questions. Anything else you want to cover? No, I mean, I think today was kind of like a retrosonic going back to more of the stuff that I talked about a long time ago and reaffirming it. Fair enough.