As the Sonics are numbered, it's 232. But anyway, who knows what what you counted as? How about that? Greek, how are you this particular day? Or actually, it's kind of getting dark where you are, right? It is. Yeah.

We mean, this is the Sonic. I think we just did it. We just had a long conversation for a while.

And now this is the Sonic. I okay, I got it. Well, if I record it, if I record it behind the scenes one day, if I recorded it, I turn it into something.

Okay. So yeah. So yeah.

By the way, it's the seventh month been the seventh month for a little while. People or the first month if you're down under and yeah, how am I doing busy, man? But now we're here. Let's get what we were talking about is just growth generally a rated Y. And and I kind of hit me.

This is like a extra private social media of its own because we have no agenda. And the only ones that well, there's the Patreon, where people can and the Ocelli and the Greek should tango chats where people could put up stuff, but it's basically you and I talking at everybody on a recording with a subscription. And the reason it says no agenda is because we're not particularly covering any single subject.

And I was just wondering why we just still have the same number of subs after two years. And it was like, that's just kind of like sitting there, you know, but it's it's fine. Fortunately, I don't depend on it for anything.

That's good. And yeah, I don't know what else to say. That's what we're basically talking about.

Right? Sort of sadly, I do. And that's the the other part of it. But it's a little more significant to me in that sense.

But what's odd about it is that there are people that want to go on to other platforms, say, and sort of bring this to other platforms, but they can't do it without us. So somebody proposed, hey, I want to start a signal chat. And I'm saying to myself, well, there's already a wide open publicly available chat at Chatango.

But does everybody know about it? And also, yeah, it's social media, isn't it social media, though, like the chat Chatango let's I mean, like I said, we go through expansive and contractive periods. Back in the 80s. I would say, you know, someone always ordered chocolate cake after the air, some sweet, I said, How long you been doing that for? This is, you know, let me think about it, like, four years, you got another three years of that.

And so you go through seven years of expansive, you know, you want sweets, and then seven years, you crave chips and salt, or crisps would be penny if you're British or down under. And then you go seven years of expansion, seven years of contraction. And here's the irony of it.

I know someone right now who might be going through a contraction period, more focused, and he got involved with this, let's say, a corporate entity that normally to 20 or 30 million a year, and they did 84 million by June of this year, right, right by June, more than two and a half times. So imagine, so that person maybe is, as they're contracting, putting out the energy, what's the op? What's the thing? The other thing going to do? Expand. Right? I love watching it.

So what I'm saying is that person is narrowing their focus more on innovation on tech stuff, which is not what he's all about. And why is he speaking in the third party? So yeah, so that's just basically the gist of it. What's interesting, though, I say by the fall, we're going to do some people who are interested in the Scalarator, the weather work, the health stuff.

Just a couple of more announcements, things you can make, things you can do. I'll probably have a video of the Turbidurator. Anyway, let's, so this narrowing focus.

And yeah, I consider this to be a social media kind of aspect, you know? So anyway, all right, so there's questions, there's stuff in the chat. Let's hop in, people, just, you know, nothing really big. But you got some questions? That seems to be a pretty good thing to work off of.

Yeah. I have a few. Do you have anything you want to get to from the chat angle? Right? I keep saying that because that's the way it's spelled.

Nothing that really, you know, since I'm on the laptop, I sit down here and let's see what's going on there. Just perusing, just general stuff, just like some minor questions, nothing big. I mean, I think there's some stuff in the news that people, you know, everything, just to, well, I don't get a lot of stuff in the, that's been in, there's a lot of unanswered, right? There's a lot of unanswered questions regarding things that people are reacting to, obviously.

But there always is. And sometimes it's more intense than others. Quick question, though.

I mean, we kind of have a circumstance here where we're not, you know, an open air business where anybody can walk in at this point. We've kind of set up a private club, if you will, in the social media world where it's like, hey, look, if you actually pay, you can get in, but only people that pay do. So it's not just walk in randomly.

You sort of have to find it. To the public. Yeah.

I would never do a YouTube. I'm not condoning. Look, I was speaking to someone in a small group the other day that has a YouTube channel.

And I give a measurable offer of my disdain of YouTube, what I really think of it. Because, you know me, years ago, even this was around Ocelli in the Greek back 10 years ago. It was 10 years ago, maybe more, about 10 years.

It is more. It is more by now. It is more than 10 now.

It's definitely over the 10 year mark for sure. More than a decade. A decade, a tenth of a century.

Right? Minimum. Is another way to say it. So a hundredth of a millennium.

But here's the thing. You know what I did back in 2014 or 15? I went and read. What? What did I read? Guess what? I went to YouTube terms and services and all their community or whatever stuff.

And I said, I'm going to go sign up for something like this. This is like the most fascist, god awful, mind control, passive aggressive. What's the opposite of passive aggressive? Aggressive aggressive.

Let's see. That would be the shit I've ever seen. Active.

Active passivity. Right? Active aggressive. Yeah.

That's I would never do that. I mean, and also Facebook. I think I put like I was going to sign up for Facebook.

I went in. It was like Theo. I did a pseudonym like Theo something.

And then I went and read the, I said, wait a second, what are you doing? Go read the full length, all the legal stuff. I was like, oh my gosh, oh my gosh. You know what the hell? I said, I would never do this ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever myself.

Now it doesn't mean I don't do interviews or, you know, if you want to put everything on YouTube, go ahead. Like what Sam, he did Greek speak and all that on YouTube and all that. So fine.

I want nothing to do with it. You know, I don't care if it goes up to Mr. B. East, you know, if you want to buy me cigarettes and coffee, that's fine. But, uh, no, uh, uh, that's why I sold on do banking until I find someone who wants to work with me.

You know, I don't want to be treated like, you know, everyone's going to treat you like an asshole anyway. Why go into a trust agreement with someone who tells you they are on paper? Oh my God. So no, I've got, there's nothing in the chat.

I would, I would gladly. I understand. But I would gladly, uh, there's the joke folks.

I would gladly do Mr. Beast though, because that would be a collision of two worlds that seemingly it's almost like this has never been done before. I'd love to see what would happen. Uh, the, one of the most unthinking and yet, you know, completely money driven circuit that guy gives away houses, you know, uh, wild stuff.

Yeah. But I'm more of a, I'm more of a diogenes. Plato was crossing a bridge in a cart and he saw diogenes under the river, washing vegetables and Plato yells at him, Hey, diogenes, we're going to go visit the King and you're washing vegetables and, and he says, if you knew how to wash vegetables, you wouldn't have to go visit the King.

So that's my answer for the Mr. Beast thing. No, fair enough. And uh, if you went to Mr. B here, here's the thing.

I'm very personal. If Mr. Beast invited you to his crib and asked him, him to cook you a meal, do you think it would be a good meal or be total white, white people? Shit. Oh, I, I can't even imagine how bad it would be.

It would ask him to make you some pasta for zoo or something like that. Would you know what it would be like? The most horrible shit you'd, you would be, yeah, run into the toilet and you wouldn't, you wouldn't even be edible. No Greek.

You'd be begging for the white people's shit after what he puts in front of you. Yeah. Yeah.

To me. So are we judging him? So I judge people by their base character on the, on stuff they can do. Like when I meet someone and then people ask me, how are they? So, you know, I didn't think about, you know, what did you think of so-and-so? I said, you know what, let me think about it.

If they give up and if they invited me over for a meal and they had to cook me a meal, what would be the outcome? And that, and that's how I judged them, by the way. I know it sounds crazy. So what you do, so then what are they good for? What are they good for? And you pocket them there.

And so if someone asks me, well, how, what do you think of them? Well, they're good for this. Very specific. Okay.

Right. Like, you know, even with people who's Chuck O'Chell, he's got a good voice. He's ready for prime time and I'm just doing, he, you know, both of us speaking, I'm this crazy guy and here's a guy that was, you know, co-host and he sounds like his voice sounds like it's ready for prime time and that's it.

I don't say anything else. Right. Okay.

Right. So anyway. Okay.

My skill is, is talent. You know, you, you don't ask a hammer if it can handle the nail. You just know it can and you use it when you need a hammer.

What I do is I always point out what I know. Yeah. Uh, I never thought about you cooking a meal though.

Actually I never have. Honestly. I never really did.

I need a few more minutes on that and I'll answer you for you to cook a meal. What would it be like? But that's like a, um, a general overall thing that I can imagine or, you know, is, can the person handle the kitchen? Well, see, that's, that's a lot, by the way, there's a lot of cliches around the kitchen, right? Of course. I, you know what, I think I have the answer that you would give regarding me cooking a meal for you.

I think you would, you would, uh, allow it a little bit reluctantly, but only if I did it in your kitchen. Oh, I never thought, I don't think of it in my kitchen, but that's fine. Oh, well.

Theoretically. Give me an example. When I was out at the mines, when I was out at the mines, uh, Placer mines, uh, off of exit 10 and I 10 just before California on the right hand side, north side, um, uh, everyone would work and then they had to drive to the Texaco or the nearest truck stop and get hot dogs.

And this is like for a month straight eat food at the truck stop. And it was, it was more like a seven 11 truck stop, not a sit down. So microwave pizzas and all this stuff.

So whatever, whatever you can grab and go and throw in a microwave and there are things that are designed just burritos, burritos, hot dogs, pizzas, singular hot pockets and no restaurants. Yeah. Singular.

Oh my gosh. And so I had a bag of rice. Yeah.

I had a bag of rice, bag of beans, cans of beans, condensed milk, pots, camping stove, veg. I remember I had, it was winter time, which means it's in the fifties, sixties and seventies. Um, I had one of those, uh, heads of lettuce that you buy.

It's still growing. It's in like on a plastic thing. You know, it's like five bucks for a little head of lettuce.

You're like, wow. And it's still growing. You turn it upside down.

It's got the root ball, a little bit of one of these little maxi pads with moisture. I kept that thing alive on my dashboard for a month. So I would just take one or two leaves of lettuce off and within a two, two days after that, two more leaves would start to blossom out.

Right. Okay. And I kept it going for, yeah.

Anyway. So, um, yeah, I was going to bring up the fruit, uh, aspect of it. Okay.

Remember we, uh, two Sonics ago. Yeah. Okay.

So basically with fruit, you have a block, you have the branch and, and you have blossoms form on the stem. Um, when the center of the blossom would be like the, the female over ovary, let's say, and it's fertile. When the blossom is fertilized, the pedals fall off.

Blossom essentially no longer serves a function, uh, quickly in the center part expands in some fruit. The stem is the ovary or the stem is the fallopian tube because the ovaries different than the flow. There's a technical, no, no, there's nothing in of tubes, but no, the end of the, the, where the stem, where the blossom is, let's say is, uh, almost, um, on the end of the female counterpart.

Okay. So the blossom of the center, the center of the blossom, I misunderstood not the pedals, but the center. Yeah.

Is that's pollinated. Right. When it's pollinated, it starts to become a fruit very much like when a woman's ovum or any other species is pollinated or fertilized.

Right. Right. What's interesting is, is the, you have an umbilical cord, which is also by induction in the human and in the animal, by the way, they say nutrients go down the umbilical cord.

But if you study what's in there, it's mostly plasma, very, very little nutrients. It's a type of plasma, just like we spoke of that. Um, if these medical quacks ever figured out that all of the blood cells have serial numbers on them to, or designation points, just like you would put a designation and address, right? Like you see, they just see red blood cells.

They don't know that this red blood cell goes to your big toe. This one goes to your eye. This one goes to your ear.

This one might go to your brain if it can, if it's good enough and it's going to hang around long enough. Right. Um, they, they don't understand that they never will, by the way, it's, it won't be allowed.

Um, so back to the fruit. The explanation that we're upside down plants, right, again, takes hold, uh, but not, not as a piece of fruit, but just the, the overall archetype, these things are working through, but back to the umbilical cord, the, the fruit that grows on the end of the tree is essentially growing from the most minuscule. If you ever look at the stem that the fruit hangs on, it is so narrow and so thin and how much water develops in the fruit.

It's on, it's an order of magnitude of what can physically travel through that stem. Nothing travels through that stem. By the way, anyone, I think I want once matter, if it was here, anyone who's cut down a fresh tree, green tree, do you see how tight the wood is? Even softwood.

Do you see, can you imagine water migrating down that branch that would, even though it is porous? No, it never happens. So where does that water come from and where, how does the fruit develop so robustly with such massive water quantity, right? And that's the, that's what I've been studying because that's going to lead to a lot of answers. You see, years ago, I knew people in the dead row chronology that were graduate degree students.

They, they, I told them, I shooed them away. Just like when we have a neighbor whose cats come over here to eat because we have the good food and we brought it up to her and she goes, just shoo him away. Just shoo him away.

Well, I had to shoo these graduate students, particularly one away. And the way I did that is I said, you guys are learning about trees and know everything about trees. Right.

And I asked him, well, he said, yes. I said, well, can you explain how one blade of grass grows? I'm on a cot. Right.

Okay. And he looked at me and says, how dare you talk to an academic like he's an asshole? Because they don't know. They don't know how even a blade of grass, which is the simplest form, right? So when you start to look at the aspects of how water is produced by biological and all that, a fruit is in your face, like an exact, it's like a cartoon version of what's happening in our bodies and all living things.

You know what I mean? By a cartoon caricature. It's like certain features, uh, prominent are very exaggerated, exaggerated. Yeah.

So exaggeration and yet it's a very shallow representation of something. It's not the actual thing. Right.

That's what I'm right. Yeah. The common denominator is what I'm looking for.

The fruit is just so much an exaggeration of what's going on with induction and it needs to be watched. But I'm not talking about going, you know, if you're an urbanist going to a supermarket and the fruit that's already, I'm talking about watching it grow. Right.

So, um, yeah, I'm going to sit around and watch paint dry. Right. Um, yeah.

Watching the fruit grow and the changes in shape, color, density, all that stuff. And we know it's extremely dense when it's not ripe. Right.

So, um, and green, you know, uh, the hard, very, very, uh, very rigid, very, uh, you know, uh, young in its presentation as a fruit. I mean, some fruits are like rocks, you know, uh, in, in their characteristics. Right.

But, um, it makes me wonder one thing that red Fox, one thing in this red Fox, why is money green? Of course. Uh, right. Uh, good.

Good. The Jews pick it before. It's right.

Cause the Jews like to pick it when it's before it's right. Yeah. Okay.

So the question though, that I have is just real quick in this explanation, wouldn't a cactus be even worse for, or more extreme because you know, they, they give you this weird explanation for how a cactus ends up, you know, retaining water. It's the same, but it's the same. It doesn't read.

Okay. It needs water. Just like you need food.

You don't use it directly. It doesn't transmit. See, they're, they're trying to keep you in a physical world that if you can't put it in a beaker.

So if you need a certain amount of nutrition, which is easy to figure out, you don't have to cut anyone open or do too much math. You just lock up a bunch of people. You feed this group of people, one ounce of food a day.

The other one, two ounces, all the way up to 30 ounces, 40, 60 ounces, you got 60 groups of people and you see who does best. And then that would be the average of how many ounces of food you need every day. Right? Well, that's using easy to do a study like that, but that's using ounces and literal weight as a scale.

That's not the only, right? Yeah. So once you get, so let's say we, we figure out it's 16 ounces a day. You do, by the way, you need two pounds of water and one pound of food for each prisoner.

Or if you're going to keep people in a confined area, you must supply them a minute. It's the minimum 16 ounces of food, solid and 32 ounces of water a day. So if you had a thousand people, you need a thousand pounds of food a day and 2000, uh, what would do the math? That's a quarter.

Um, uh, so you'd need 250 gallons of water a day for a thousand people. So, um, yeah. So if you guys plan on keeping any prisoners anytime soon, there's their math.

So what I'm trying to say is all that food, let's say 16 ounces a day, they, they, they don't acknowledge anything unless you put it in a beaker, right? And you can measure it. So if the people need to survive 16 ounces of food, you put that in a package and you say, okay, how does this food get into their body? Right. And if you do the math, um, they eat all the food and then you measure what they excrete through feces and urine.

You'll see a very tiny amount about, um, the majority, the majority is out like three quarters of it. Can I, can I leave a question in the year real quick? Because it relates exactly to, it's a direct question from somebody that relates exactly to what you're saying. Um, they wanted to know that since calories are an invalid way of measuring things, they see we are logic there and understand and acknowledge it.

Uh, they were wondering if there is a way to calibrate it because it seems as though it would take, uh, more than one, uh, more than one, let me see what it says here. More than, oh, hold on. Hold on.

Let me, let me finish my thought and then we'll finish the question. Is that all right? Certainly. Let's just, we'll make this very fractional.

Okay. So if you look at the percentage of how much, how little actually is taken into the body and then you write, do the math, is it where, well, we don't really need that much then. Right? We do because the body is very selective in extracting energy and that amount that is, does not come out of the body actually is converted.

It's called link low, low energy nuclear reaction and L E N R. So you could look that up. Um, there's it because it's induction. In other words, the material aspect turns into energy and then turns back into material in the body, very selectively in cells and other things that have to happen that way.

Right? So you can't put that in a beaker, right? That's why very often people would ask me about technology. I'm not impressed until I can, well, during the days of the fax machine, isn't this great? We got fat. I'm not impressed until you could fax someone a turkey sandwich.

If you can fax me a turkey sandwich, then I'll be impressed. If you, and then it became, if you can email me and eat a turkey sandwich, I'll be impressed or peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Now, right now, if you can, are you impressed by that? No.

If you could send me a peanut butter and jelly sandwich on zoom or teams, I'll be impressed. I'm not impressed by any of this because it's still using quantities, but right here's the part that I never really get into is perturbations in the ether and the wire in the air. The signal is not physical at all.

There's no electrons moving anywhere and we're using it. It's in our faces that we're using non-material energies constantly to produce pictures on the screen, information and all that. But they have, they will not bridge the gap only with maybe 3d printers or a fax machine as a page.

You can use something you could print. They will not bridge the gap and be able to teleport you something through the airwaves or the wire. They, you're not allowed to do that.

That is a big, big no, no. Yeah. I object.

I object to your even calling a 3d printer or something as a step forward because it's no different than the transmission of what was a Xerox, which is not the same as a photocopy, but when they used to be able to transmit Xerox, you have to load it with something. Not only that, but you're sending information from one device to another and telling another device to do it. So literally a 3d printer, you load crap into it and it's preloaded the Xerox machine or the three.

So you have to put material. I'm talking about the actual material taking form from what was sent through the wire or the airwaves. That will never happen.

The 3d printer is no different than the fax machine or the teletype before it because it's only telling a device that has the material elsewhere to recreate something similar through a signal. So the only thing that's been transmitted is the signal. Run out of paper.

Yeah. The fax machine runs out of paper 3d. Yeah.

No, no. So, okay. I went through this whole diatribe.

All we need is, in other words, we're never going to get the transporter, right? For Star Trek or you see it in sci-fi, it exists. It's not that difficult to do if you copy biology, right? Pouring a coffee here, if you'd like some. So it's not that difficult to do.

What's difficult is the mind. You know, it's just like, um, um, John C. Lilly, the province of the mind has no limits other than the limits we set upon it. Right? So the whole thing is about limiting.

Right. So what you're saying is thus far, all we have thus far, all we have is the transmittal of information and telling another device to recreate something. And it doesn't matter, by the way, if it's a radio, even when I send my voice across from one radio to another, my radio is telling the other radio speaker, recreate my voice.

Now it happens quickly, but basically that's not my voice actually over there. That's a recreation of my voice on that speaker. Right? Sure.

But, but here, let's, let me just take it another step further. The bandwidth required, you have an empty box and when you send someone a signal, you're going to need the peanut butter jelly sandwich on your end, right? It disappears on your end and it's reappearing on my end. We have the bandwidth for that, right? We have the bandwidth and the connectivity for that was what I'm saying, but the device necessary to completely turn that peanut butter and jelly sandwich into energy and send it to me is more difficult than what the body is doing.

Because otherwise, if he, if it was, if it copied the body, you'd put the peanut butter and jelly sandwich in the transporter and it would turn into feces, right? But 20% of it would be gone coming over the signal. And then on my end, it would end up as a, as a, a peanut butter and jelly sandwich facsimile, like goo and only 20% of it. Are you, are you with me? So these things, the reason I said this, whoever's following what I'm saying is going to be, holy shit, Greek, you think too much.

No, I don't think too much. Get that out of your head. We were not thinking correctly, right? So we don't want to follow the human body directly.

Right? Imagine that. Right? So we want the whole peanut butter and jelly sandwich to be sent over. So anyway, okay, well, so the question about calories, let me just do a recap.

It's a unit of measurement has to pertain to the, let's say the physicality of what you're talking about. Right? So if someone says, you know, cut me a board, uh, 23 inches long, you don't say how many pounds of that do you, do you want, right? It doesn't work. So a calorie is defined by a thermal unit calories, actually a thermal unit.

We've been so brainwashed. You think it has something to do with food, right? It's a thermal unit. That's that metric that is the amount of thermal units that are required, a thermal unit to raise one gram of water, one degree Celsius, right? Um, or one cubic centimeter of water, one degree Celsius.

And I got, there's a joke about it and if you read old encyclopedias anyway, so that's all it is. So what they, the calorimeter is very, there's several ways of doing it, but what they do, they want to find out how many calories are in a banana. They put it in this tube when they purge, they seal it and there's a valve on there.

They pull a vacuum and then they purge it with oxygen. So it's pure oxygen in there. There's something that looks like a spark plug and they go boom.

And the banana turns to ash, completely burned off. And that whole device is submerged in a given volume of water, how many, exactly how many grams of water. And they do the math.

What was the temperature change in the water? There's so many grams divided. This is how many calories. It's very, very old experiment, right? Now that's why they say you're burning up calories.

The body doesn't work that way. Now if you find yourself, the joke here is if you find yourself pooping charcoal briquettes or ash, then calories apply to you, right? And I don't think anyone ever has. So calories is a misnomer for applying to food.

Because if you eat a banana, let's say it's 70 calories, and you poop past that banana, is that poop ignitable and burnable in that calorimeter? Sure is. And if you do the math, you're going to see they only used a small portion of it. The rest of it is still in this, right? Anyway, so calories do not work at all.

It's a misnomer. And they put this stuff in front of you. And there's a book written, there's a lady in the 1920s who came up that we should apply this to food, right? Some idiot.

And so because of that bitch, we got a misnomer, just like the food pyramid and some other idiot, right? So anyway, I hope that answers roundabout and gives an example to people. But would you finish that question, by the way? Yeah, sure. The question, I'm boiling this down real fast because it will be better off.

They're basically saying, look, if you take one of these ways of measuring, you would obviously need more than one because 100 pounds of brick is definitely not useful in the same way that 100 pounds of rice is, or et cetera. So the quality and some of the characteristics of what it is you're doing. So they're saying, is there more than one measurement that could be useful here? Like say one or two ways of measuring something that would create the thing that they say is useful as a calorie count.

And you said- There is, but it's not calories. Yes. Right.

It's not calories for sure for anything alive. Calories are only for when they invented the calorimeter. That's it.

It's only for that. And they're trying to apply. Just like I put up the thing about blood glucose measurement, they still don't know how to do it, right? But they're condemning millions of people with their treatments.

And it's deliberate, by the way. And as part of the conversation, look, you can poop charcoal if you ate charcoal. That's possible.

Yeah, there's no conversion, but if you measure the amount of charcoal you ate and the amount you pooped, it would be identical. That's which leads to, is it biocompatible? Years ago, I had a prized chess set, checkers, sorry, and one of my sisters was a real nag. She's about four years younger at the time, and she grabbed a couple of checkers pieces and swallowed them.

She goes, you can't play now. So what we did was we made sure that the big brother had to go through, you know what, to pick out and clean off the undigested corn and chess pieces. How much by eating that plastic did you gain? Right? None.

Now, you didn't gain anything, any nutrition. There's certain things that, for example, you ever heard of something called margarine? Your body will poop 100% of that. That's alien.

That's just like eating plastic. So if you ate a tub, an ounce of margarine, you would poop out an ounce of margarine. There's no use for it.

Only some moisture would come out. There's a bunch of foods out there. As a matter of fact, you know, most of the things added to American foods would be, if they were not added to food, they would be considered hazardous substances if used anywhere else, right? So you could put as much of it as you want in the food, but if you're going to drop some on the sidewalk, it's an EPA violation, right? So the same was with water.

The EPA had water toxicity parameters, and if you had water that exceeded these parameters, it was a violation. But if you look at an assay or a lab report of the water in Phoenix, Arizona, it was worse than the water that they called you a violator for if you just dropped it on the sidewalk. The hypocrisy.

But it's still going on. Anyway, I would say that the easiest thing to understand, it's not quantity, it's quality. So what you do to measure what you're going to eat is by first seasonality.

If it's hot outside where you are, and it's going to be hot outside, because that's a predominant, it's not just heat, because it could be wintertime and you could be in an overly heated office. You've heard of people, especially when it's hot outside, oh, they over AC. I've walked into, it's 110 degrees here.

You walk into some big stores and it's like a refrigerator, right? I'm talking about the predominant energy. So when it's winter season, you don't want to eat things that come from a hot climate because it's going to convert into your body and change your blood type, quality into, not type, but blood quality, maybe effect on the type, to being in the tropics and you won't be able to warm up. The opposite is true.

If you're in a hot climate and you eat things that come from cold climates like salmon, you will not be able to cool down. Do you remember when there was the big salmon craze 20 years ago? It's good for you, eat it, and then they killed it because they said they put color in it. They killed it by turning it so they could see if they could control you.

I would walk into people's homes here in the desert and they had the AC turned down to 65 and they were still sweating. For me, I keep the AC at 80 or whatever, and it was because, I said, you're eating tropical, you're eating Arctic fish. Oh, I love it.

In the middle of summer in Tucson, that's the worst thing you can do. That's the first thing you can do. There's no quantity there.

Get away from the quantity. It's the quality of what you're doing. Obviously, in most cases, the quantity will be based on your size.

If you had people that were a foot tall and you were to go buy a dinner plate set for them, remember, they're only 12 inches tall, the whole human. You were going to go buy a dinner set for them. By the way, I was in Los Lunas, New Mexico, 10 years ago, and there was a little old lady going through Walmart and she was buying little doll sets, little cups and plates and stuff.

I said, oh, it's for your granddaughter? She goes, no, it's for the little people. She has little people visiting her. Anyway, yeah, so if you know someone or a family that's only 12 or 14 inches tall and you wanted to buy them a dinner plate set, you know what the dinner plate set would look like, right? Real small, right? Yeah, sure.

You'd fill up that little tiny plate with food and they would be very satisfied, wouldn't they? Mm-hmm. Right? Now, we got someone that's 12 feet tall and the dinner plate looks like a big banquet plate, two feet in diameter. You have to fill that for them to get satisfied.

You get my point? The bigger you are, the more food you're probably going to require. The smaller you are, the less. So that's the quantitative aspect, yeah? That's the only quantitative, but the main overarching thing is seasonality, and squeeze in between quantity and quality, the seasonality would be the type of energy.

When I start discussing energy with people, which I did recently, they didn't understand. They got the seasonal thing. You have to be completely brain dead to not get the seasonality.

Usually when you bring up the seasonality metaphor, it rings a bell with mostly everyone, right? Unless they're already on a negation, they're like, oh no, anything this guy says, I'm going to say the opposite, right? So there's people like that also. The other thing I start out with is, I went to this restaurant, and the food was salty that I ordered. A simple dish, and the person that was with me, their food was salty also.

Everything was salty. Waitress comes and says, how's everything? I said, everything's really salty. The cook has a sweet tooth, doesn't he? She goes, yeah, he does.

He's always eating candy bars and cake and dessert. How do you know? How do you know? Well, because he's got a sweet tooth, he's loading up on sugars, and in order to balance that, he's putting the salt that he should be taking to balance him out into everybody else's food. Now what kind of balance is that? Is that really making balance, or is that the universal principles trying to make balance, but it's screwing everything up because the person is overdoing the sweets? Well, they're doing the right thing, but they're applying it to themselves.

They're applying something to themselves to others. They should be applying it to themselves, but they're applying it to everyone else also. Who knows if they were also eating, but they were dishing it out.

So even though the universal principle was still overall satisfied, it was causing chaos in our realm, you see? So it's like when you're wealthy enough, going to the Super Bowl is not a thrill, right? Having personal hunting parties where, what's a personal hunting party? Okay, they even did a movie that was released and then withdrawn. When you see homeless people disappearing, what they do, they have these vans, they pick them up, they offer you money, food, or whatever, they take you to a place where they clean you up, have you do some rudimentary exercise. They feed you, they promise you money and all that.

Then they take you to another place and they tell you, give you some rudimentary weapons, and they tell you, run. Just run. Okay, do I need to get more detail on this? Okay.

I think you can put that together. Yeah. Okay.

So the Super Bowl doesn't do it. Human hunting parties don't do it for you. Hey, how about we get a bunch of journalists ready and we go start a war? Because every war is started, then the reason for it comes later, right? War is propagated, right? Now, that's a lot more fun because there you can do more wagering, death pool betting, and all that kind of stuff on a big scale.

And that's what's going on, by the way, on a big scale. So when you see war, you're actually supporting it by watching football because you're just a scaled out, you know, your sport competition thing and your political competition, there's just a bunch of wealthy people. I just like to see what happens when you bring mayhem into another, right? Anyway, make a long story short, and without getting philosophical, the quality will never be beat by quantity, right? Like, for example, go get Hermes green crocodile handbag, it's 100k, right? How many handbags, purses, can you buy reasonable ones for 100,000? So let's say a reasonable handbag is like 200 bucks, a quality one, let's say 400, 500, right? Yeah, top shelf, 500 bucks should cover a coach purse, say, yeah, go ahead.

Yeah, you can get a coach, I remember a coach, like you can get, yeah, for like 250, you get a pretty decent one. But so let's say 500, right? That's 200 purses for the cost of one, right? Why? You see, why does it stand out so much, right? Now here's the thing, if you had the same exact quality as that 100,000 dollar purse at the 500 dollar level, it's the same thing, isn't it? It is. You know, the perception is different, and that's exactly what quality does.

Once you become quality-minded, you actually live on the cheap. Living on the cheap means you're not expending energy, wasting energy, worrying, being ill, right? So when you understand quality, real quality, not perceived quality and what's social, you know, so what do they call it when you buy an expensive handbag to show off or whatever, right, or expensive car, right? If you want the quality, you don't care about the price or whatever, you can do it on the cheap, right? So this is really where it's at, and they're not going to ever, this is never going to be public. You know, there's people that buy expensive cars and drive around like on the main streets at night where everybody is, so everyone could look at their car, and I always point, you know, people look.

I said, look, this guy is out here driving senselessly, you know, obviously he's trying to get attention in his Ferrari, and he invested all that. He might enjoy driving it, but he's doing what he's doing now. So people who don't care about him at all will give him attention.

What kind of a pathetic state, spiritual state is that? Could you imagine doing something to get attention from people who don't care about you at all? Wow, what a twisted world, right? What a twisted reality, which is very common, by the way. How many times have you been on the strip at night and see guys just coasting in their very expensive cars, and everyone's pointing at the Lamborghini, Ferrari, Rolls-Royce, or whatever, right? A lot of people call it a penis substitute or a midlife crisis mobile or whatever, because what they're doing is... The bottom line is, though, they're getting attention from people who don't care at all about them. Oh, right.

The bottom line is, yeah. So the thing is, when you understand what you should be caring about, you'll find out you can do it really on the cheap. I mean, it doesn't... You can live... Okay, let's just... You can have an exceptionally high-quality life, full of, like, high level of fitness, vibrancy, you know, what they call health, and be joyful on the level of any other qualitative thing you can measure it by, right? On the real cheap, almost just at the same level as it would be, quote-unquote, what normal expenditures would be, whether it's your food, your clothes, all this stuff you can get.

Always seek quality over the quantity, because I think when you have the car that we just mentioned, cruising, or the Hermes green crocodile handbag, or these Rolex watches or whatever, that is no longer just a qualitative statement, because let's say a $10,000 Rolex watch with the jewels and the stainless steel, that's about less than $200 worth of material. Why not just get a $200 watch that tells time just as well as a Rolex? You see, so now you have the quality timekeeping, right? So you can do a very high-quality existence on the cheap, is really where it's at, being here, because the rest of it is just a waste of time or getting attention from people who don't care about you at all. And I think that's one of the cruxes of what I speak on, right? We kind of went into a short thing about home economics, how you should set up your home and things like that.

Anyone can do that, right? And you'll probably be healthier and better fitness. I have to use that word health, because when I say fitness, most people are still wrong. How many miles did I do on the treadmill today? Did I go to the gym, right? How many push-ups can I do? So, you know, be optimum.

So you cannot optimize with quantity when you're dealing with your own situation. You have to optimize the quality first, right? Before you order something up, you should know, is it the right thing that I'm ordering? And there is a better way to do it. Anyway, you got any other questions or anything? Sure, I do.

The last part of that whole question, though, and a long thing that they put in is, they were making a joke and said, according to them, I should just be able to eat dirt and do just fine because all the nutrients are in the dirt. No, but they're making a joke, where it's like, why not just eat dirt? Does it work that way? Is it biocompatible? And it would be too active. Dirt is too active.

Like if you eat, there's certain cheeses now, like I used to like Maytag blue cheese, and they spray it with bacillus, which is the stuff that you find that they say causes the cold and all that. And it was just, I had some recently, and they don't ship it to hot climates in the summer. It's like $50 a pound or $30 a pound Maytag cheese when you get it here.

And oh my gosh, they really messed it up. And I looked up online what they were doing, and the younger people took over. They're spraying too much bacillus, basically bacteria on it for their packaging.

And it really upset my stomach. It was too active. Called the culture was just too strong.

And I've had beer like that. I don't know if you've ever been around people who do brew their own beer, and they just quite didn't heat it up enough. And the yeast was a little too strong, and I was burping, farting, and hiccuping all at the same time.

Because it was just that yeast was still too active. Yeah, right. This microbrewery, guys, it feels like somebody's trying to blow air directly into your gut is what it feels like, because it's like it's constantly expanding.

If it's not done, yeah. So yeah, it's bubbling. It's like, oh my gosh.

Especially when you hit the dark cavity in your body at that 98.6 mixed in with everything else. So when you eat dirt, unless it's really sandy, you're going to experience a very active thing, and you will get something out of it all right. Now, not all dirt is the same.

The most dirt, by the way, is mostly silica sand, even though it doesn't look like it. It's a very high amount of mineral and metal and quartz and things like that. So you're not going to get anything out of it.

But the reason I went through all that is because there's no such thing as a bad question. Actually, the opposite of a bad question is another bad question. But anyway, so there's no such thing as a bad question or statement.

Fair enough. For future Sonics, yes, I would like to hear more about Donald Marshall. They were responding to- Well, just go to StOlga69 YouTube, StOlga69, just like in the number 69.

He did a cover where he, save yourself the trouble. There's a bunch of the trouble of going through all the videos and Donald Marshall speaking what he did. Daniel, he went and edited pretty much anything and everything that could be found on YouTube.

And he's got three videos, I think, several hours long of everything compiled according to category and subject. He's got several videos. And Donald Marshall actually gave it a thumbs up also.

He's kind of behind the scenes. There are other people that have been speaking on the human cloning. He gives examples of how a lot of popular people, Britney Spears and so on, even do videos where they show cloning centers in a cartoon kind of thing, like they want to break free.

It's not only the cloning center, it's the time slam, what's that, right? And the little drill that they tell everyone are great, aliens, forms of aliens and all this underground stuff, which I'm interested in because it ties into the species invasion. We're supposedly going to have around 2046. It's also in the book of Revelation, 200 million creatures come up to the surface.

So it all ties in together. But yeah, I don't really endorse Donald Marshall, but I find a lot of the things that he says are useful and actually factual. There was, no longer online, because around the time of Donald Marshall, you could still find human robotoids.

And there were several people, I wouldn't say politicians, but government people and journalists, recordings from the 80s, of them talking about these human robotoids. And they call them human robotoids, they're just biological clones. So when you hear robotoid, you think of nuts and bolts, right? No, it's actually a human clone.

And there was one guy, I forgot, I don't know who it was, but he was pretty prominent in the DC circuit, let's say, I guess you could call it a circuit. And he said, we have a problem with these human robotoids. This is late 70s, late 80s or early 80s.

He says, we can have someone, let's say the president of the United States in a robotoid form, go to another country, say something, create an international incident, right? And it's not the president, right? It's a clone. And boy, I wonder what they would say if they were alive now. And this recording and these little snippets in the media, this was mainstream, by the way, not alternative.

It was online and you could hear the recording and now I can't find it at all. If anyone wants to look for it, I mean, that's fine. And yeah, it's a lot stranger than we can do on our own.

So just take in whatever you can take in. Fair enough. Some people say that we're gonna look back on the days when people use terms like NPC, non-player characters, and think the same way that there could be a literal way to look at that.

And there's also a symbolic way to look at it. Anyway. Yeah, back in the 80s, by the way, I hung around with people that were on the Ken Kesey's Magic Bus and were around Marcel Duchamp and some prominent New York madams, not the ones in the media.

They would refer to people that were, they didn't use NPC back then. They just said that person's not conscious. Right.

It was a common thing that they said. They have no consciousness or very low conscious individual. Basically, they're asleep, but they're awake, right? Well, the Hollywood madam still doesn't, yeah, the Hollywood madam still doesn't give people up.

Although she's back kind of in circulation because Charlie Sheen just released a two-part documentary about his life. I don't know if you got anything to say about Charlie Sheen, but, cause some people claim he was caught up. Yeah, sorry.

Everyone in Hollywood's caught up. No, I mean, I have a relative who was CEO of 20th Century Fox and then CEO of Paramount Pictures and they're not the same person. I mean, they're not, it's so funny.

Years ago, they were doing a Republican, let's say more than 10 years ago, they were doing a Republican fundraiser. And then the last fundraiser he did was for Joe Biden. Right, so it's all just crazy.

There's nothing, but no, no, it's just a disgusting mess. But I thought the Hollywood madam, wasn't that, there was another madam that says she was not suicidal, a little short brunette lady, but then they found her hanging, right? Yeah, that's the DC madam, if you will, but the Hollywood madam. That's the DC madam, yep.

Well, this is what I got from the madam. You know, like prostitutes, right, are more informative and helpful than any attorney would ever be. So I'll tell you what she, they had a place in this guy, Oleg Cassini, he was a designer and he used to call him No Legs Cassini because he would come in in a wheelchair.

And all they wanted to do, these higher up people, let's say, that they would entertain or serve, they would just sit there and talk for two hours, nothing. It's, you know, you think, oh, I'm gonna go see a call girl or go to whatever madams, they think it's gonna be involving, yeah, it usually is. But very often, more often than not, these people would just sit around and talk.

They wanted someone to talk to because it's ultimately confidential, right? Forget about the confidential. And the thing is, you have confidentiality with attorneys and psychiatrists or psychologists, but they're idiots, right? Well, they're idiots and they have an out. They literally have an out in their supposed agreement where I can go to the cops if, not so with the call girl.

Yeah, that's right, they say that. Not so with the call girl. And they do, just like the Catholic priests used to, yeah, not so with the call, Catholic priests used to take confessions for the two so they could supply the surgeons with experimental.

But anyway, but here was more than that. He says, after a board meeting, they would call a particular call girl to meet them at a hotel and discuss what decisions they should make. That's how involved some of them were because they were pretty, you know, think about someone who is, if you want advice from someone who's very worldly, has seen a lot of things, most likely it would probably be an older call girl or a madam, right? In terms of human character and all that.

So anyway, I just wanted to throw that in there. I'm not gonna mention the madam's name, but yeah, okay. Fair enough, but you know, if you're dealing with, it's all got to do with sourcing.

Look, these women spend time around guys who can afford to spend $10,000 on them in a night. So that means there's a certain level to the player that they've been exposed to constantly. So their information is in that.

It's not even the money. Well, but it does give an indicator as to, it's not the guy who can afford 100 bucks and drive up on them. That could be anybody.

This is- It is, but what's even worse is I was reading something recently and this case, it was a minor case, and it was like 1.2 million in legal fees. And I'm like, oh my gosh, are you that stupid to be attorneys a dime? You know, it just shows you. I mean, oh my gosh, the world is so screwed up.

So, you know, and here's the thing. Sometimes I'm like hopeful that there's an attorney that knows something or, you know, in law at all. And I'm like, oh, this guy sounds okay.

And then within two minutes, they prove to not know anything at all. It's really disappointing. So, okay, what else, what else? The same with doctors, by the way.

Of course, speaking of prostitutes, that's my editorialism. But anyway, this question. So what's so special about the historical, they call, the historical figure, they call G-E, you know, J-E-S-U, you know what I'm talking about, in Christianity? Nothing in general.

Why was he put? Nothing in general. Okay, why was he put on a tree and stoned? What did he do to deserve such a cruel or cool treatment, they say, but I think they might have meant cool. That's the myth.

That's the whole, it's not a myth, but it's if you follow the, what people that, whether, it doesn't matter when the books were written, but were they in sequence? Yes, and all that was prophesied in the Old Testament. There's no crucifixion, Roman crucifixion prophesied, but if you read the book of Isaiah and the Psalms and all that, it's very clearly a stoning. But, and remember, I did put in the chat recently, the biblical text is cumulative, so kindergarten to, let's say, 10th grade or something would be the Old Testament, and the New Testament's 10th grade to 12th grade, right? Something like that, right, or college level.

So when you go to college math, do they say, do they start all over at first grade math, or is it cumulative, right? So if you read the, that's why they tell you, just read the, like, if you took everyone that was five or six or seven going to school and put them in college level learning right away, you know, they wouldn't know anything at all, no matter how much, because they don't have the basis to do anything with it, and that's exactly what's going on. But the New Testament is an absolute mess, but if you understand the history and the corruption, first of all, it's adopted by the most corrupt institution in the world has ever seen, the Vatican, right, which is an entire culture. It has nothing to do with religion.

It just happens to be also a religious institution, because the reason they used religion is to control, it's a control mechanism, right? So just like science is now. They adopted it, and they changed things in there. There were several, years ago when I was looking into this, there were very well-recorded, what do you call, inventories of what was in the Vatican Library regarding the New Testament, and very little of it is ever brought out.

There's a lot more that they're not gonna release, little leaks here and there, but they do date the original text down before the first century, you know, first century, so they are contemporary, late contemporary, but I'll tell you for sure, if you don't understand the law and the culture in the Old Testament, you will never understand anything in the New Testament properly, and there is a proper way, let's say a more proper way. The most famous one is when the Christ, they brought the woman that they were going to stone, and he says basically, whoever is without sin, throw the first stone, and a typical moron would say, oh, that's because he's compassionate. No, he was actually going by the book, because the stoning, they want to stone her because that, why didn't they want to crucify her, the Roman, or have her flogged by the Romans? Because they were applying Judean jurisprudence, right? So, so it was the Christ.

What is the ordinance of an execution? What is the ordinance of accusation as a witness? There was no witness, because in order to be a witness, you have to, you can't have any warrants or outstanding parking tickets. You have to have a clean record yourself, right? And I'm not talking ever doing it, but there has to be settled, right? So they had unsettled things, not that they never did anything. No, they were unsettled.

They were still outstanding, right? And only the witnesses commenced the execution. This is all in the Old Testament, but if you don't know the Old Testament, you think it's compassionate. And in order, if there is no witness to a woman with adultery, they would sweep the floor, the dust, and put it in a cup and have her drink it, right? If she loses loss of, loses the use of her leg or legs, she's guilty.

This is like witchcraft, right? Think about it, magic, right? No witnesses. We take the dust from the temple floor or, you know, and we put it in a cup with a liquid, and if she drinks it and she's guilty, she falls to the ground. If she's not guilty, she walks away.

That's like an elixir-type magic, witchcraft-type stuff. Doesn't it sound like that, right? So that's why he was writing on the dust. It's very specific on the dust on the floor.

He was bringing up the ordinance, right? This is the most, but we don't have to go that far because you don't have any witnesses, and there's no one here really standing up to accuse. He was just going by the book, and I'm telling you, if you go back and read it, and you'll see, like, he's very, how about the woman pleading with him to heal the daughter, and he's ignoring her, totally ignoring her. And they're like, why do you ignore her? Because I didn't come for her, you know? And then she basically says, don't you feed the scraps to the dogs? You know, she basically had her lower herself to a dog, and then he says, go home.

So this is already very tight. It's very by the book. It's very, very rational and logical if you understand the Old Testament.

He was not someone that was very kind to the people in public, by the way. And anyway, I'm not gonna get into, here's the thing. I hate to sound like the only person who's ever read the so-called Bible and can explain it.

But apparently, it seems like that's so. Well, there were many- Everyone else is taking nitpicks with agendas. I mean, Jesus, like they say, right? Yeah, by the way, you just walked past something that caused that electronic noise.

But anyway- Yeah, like, geez louise, yeah. There were many replies to this in the community. I don't know if you want me to skim through them and give you an idea of what the replies were, but one person said that they think it was actually the punishment for blasphemy.

And that's what was prescribed based on a certain version, blah, blah. Okay, but why blasphemy, somebody asked. And then they gave him, you know, look, go read.

Okay, I was asking more about the real story of this guy in the Old Testament, not the biblical Christ. Blasphemy is still very generic. Okay- Well, that was an accusation, and according to Judean law, again, because you cannot say that you're God without proving it, right? And that would be enough.

Yeah, it's very complex, because remember, they had lost authority. Pontius Pilate was the ruling authority. He's the only one that did the ritual of the red heifer, which is the washing of the hands.

We have no account that any of the Judean authorities washed their hands of anything, did we? It's very technical. I mean, it's quite the discussion, but you have to know the details and what these things mean, right? So, anyway, keep going. Yeah, that you had spoken previous, Sonics, about the J-E-S, you know, character being a prototype, and, you know, that came back from death, you know, show that as possible, a divine being that man killed.

I thought maybe he was Yahweh reincarnated, but maybe not. Let me interject something. We have control over the small things, but not over the big things, right? The big things in our lives, right? Like Tesla coming up with the Tesla coil.

He probably had no choice in that. That had to happen, right? So this is also a proof from the other side that they have control. That's why the John C. Lilly stuff, I like a lot, because the ECCO, which is the Earth Coincidence Control Office, they control the big long-term events.

We control the small ones, right? So there was something about a Messiah being stoned to death according to the law of Moses. That's why Moses made the seven-branch lampstand in the likeness of an almond tree. We know it was an almond tree.

There's so many references. It's in the first chapter. Jeremiah, Jacob, also in Genesis, on and on and on.

Yeah, it's very technical and overlapping. What do you call hyperlinks? When you have a link and you go to, imagine you click on a link and it takes you to another page that's full of links. And then each time you click on one link, it opens to another page with links and some more information.

This is what the biblical text is like, believe it or not. Yeah, I've had that experience online, actually. It becomes exhausting, to be honest.

Yeah, but every little detail has to be minded. I mean, what does it mean? Now you're starting, this is what the rabbis did, but you're never gonna get an honest review of what they actually, you know, when they write stuff back in the days, the rabbis like, let's say, commentary on whatever, it has to sit for 100 years before they publish it. They have to mull it over.

So, and you know how much editing is done in that 100 years, right? Oh, of course. That's why even in contemporary historical writing, there used to be a standard of wait 75 years before you actually release an account of anything because, yeah, you need to actually go over it. And take the mic for a minute and a half.

I'll be right back. Yeah, sure. Further replies in this, you know, went back and forth.

I find it interesting when a conversation is generated from one of these comments or questions. And, you know, look, guys, if you wanna continue on that, no problem, just let me know and we'll see where else we have to go. But there was also a reference to the Godspeak podcast, I guess, which was a previous thing, a previous Sonic the Greek did regarding this.

And I guess it was a podcast on Islam. I don't see a link to it in the Patreon, you know, back and forth here. But anyway, it's interesting that if you go back over some of these Sonics, I've discovered anyway, with ones that contain valuable information, one listen is never enough.

You listen to it with a different focus on a different day and you may come away with different information. It is possible. And I think that happens also with any text that has complexities to it, like the Greek is talking about that.

You know, look, you click on a link, you might end up with more links. More links, yeah. Well, the thing about Islam is they really played the population when they noticed there was no direct organized that could be massive, and it is massive.

There are more Muslims in the Pacific, by the way, you know, Rim, than there are in the Middle East. Most people think there are more, I think it's a two to one in Asian countries. There are more Muslims than there are in the Middle East or what's Southwest Asia.

But what they wanted a organized enough, formalized religion to counter Christianity, right? That's what basically was. So when you fall into, you got played, you know, as a group. But in itself, it's written on like a third grade, let's stops at like second or third grade level.

Like, you know, when you give up coloring books, you finally get a pencil, but this is like when we were growing up, right? When you remember, you just had crayons and now you have a pencil, but you never get to a typewriter or whatever. Oh, there was also the switch. Yeah, there was also the switch from the, when we were kids anyway, the big fat pencil to now the skinny pencil.

Yeah, right, just, yeah, cause it was right. So it was put together to offer an opponent, an adversary to the Christian expansion, which it didn't, you know, expand beyond. Remember the, we had the Crusades, you know, to keep everyone entertained and whatever reason it gives.

But what's interesting about the Quran, you could tell it's written in rabbinical fashion, first of all, how do I know? Well, you have to go to New York and you need a lawyer, so make sure you get a good Jewish lawyer, right? If you wanna write a holy book, make sure you get a rabbi to write it for you, right? Cause that's what they do. But the positive thing, well, the other thing is there's no discernment in the Quran, very little. Like in the biblical parlance or the narrative, there's a lot of discernment.

When it prohibits something, it says, well, it's things that are like this, right? In the Quran, for example, with food, it just says swine flesh and found dead, you know, roadkill. No swine flesh and no roadkill. But in the biblical text, if it says something, it gives you discernment, right? So if it, right, if it has four legs, it needs to chew the cud and have a cloven hoof.

And it gives examples, right? So if you go somewhere where, right, we'll give the example of last time. You've never seen the animal before, but it chews the cud and has a cloven hoof. It's permissible, you don't find that in the Quran.

So, but the thing about the Quran, it's extra, it's like tough love. Actually, Muslim means to be submissive, right? And it does hearken on Elohim, Al-Allah. It's not Allah, it's Al-Allah, Al, right, basically.

It's put together, in the beginning, it was a very loose weave of all these groups of people that venerated different things, right? And they try to organize and formalize them. And it's interesting, if you look at the most fervent early on Muslim countries, most fundamental, it's almost like they were forming a border wall against Europe. Because as you go east, it becomes more loose to the point where if you get to Afghanistan and Persia, they're not even Muslim at all, and they should, they're not at all.

That was forced on them by the CIA, right? With the Ayatollah, that fundamental stuff. And then it picks up again in Malaysia, places like that. So it's very interesting, it's geopolitical stuff.

No religion, by the way, is a religion that has legs to stand on, it's all social control, period. That's why it's real funny when you see like a white guy or a white girl, they're like, oh yeah, I converted to Buddhism. I didn't like Christianity.

All they're mentioning is all the, it's like saying, I used to be Democrat, now I'm Republic. What about the Constitution? I don't know, man. You know, there's no, people get lost in the sauce.

There's plenty of people that will never seek meat and content, they'll just seek a label. It's just a label. Because actually, if you read the Quran, in essence, I'm paraphrasing, it tells you that God didn't give his law in the Quran, he gave it to Moses.

So you have to go look at what Moses was given. Wow, I'm paraphrasing, it's in several places. So if you're actually diligent about it, you would have to put down the Quran and go read where the law is, right? And that's what I did initially.

I just read the Bible and where the law was, right? So, and I had a firm standing on understanding that before I went into prophecy and all that other, what they were saying there in the New Testament. It was quite a few years where I just was studying the law part, the legality of the law part, you know. So to open, but so yeah, so this is really the basis of all these discussions is it's very hard to discuss this with someone that, you know, if you bring up the Exodus, let's say out of Egypt, yeah, I saw that movie with Charlton Heston, yeah, right? This is what most people are gonna, you know, or yeah, I saw those planes go into the buildings on 9-11.

I saw those planes, really, you were there? No, I saw it on TV. Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, you know? So you can't, that's what I hear mostly. Mostly, most people are like that.

They'll say, yeah, I saw the planes go through buildings like they were there and they weren't there at all. So most people talk and talk. By the way, I wouldn't say expressly, but I could say expressly avoid talking on religion, Bible stuff anymore and getting into all that stuff because you, I mean, right? The last thing, right, I want as an example, I'm not saying the people that are commenting, you know, if we talk about Exodus, they saw the movie, right, or how many Jesus movies have they done, right? We talk about that.

They saw the movie, you know, or the planes on 9-11. I've had someone insist that they saw the planes on 9-11 until I finally got it out of them admitting that it was on TV, right? So I just don't talk about these things. It's just why bother, right? That's an old motto I used to have.

Why the fuck bother? So there you go. So look, here's just the last thing to sort of cap this if you don't mind because it's at the end of all that with the conversation and the same, excuse me, the same person who started it says, one more thing, are these guys like Yahweh coming back anytime soon? I would love to see them getting bored with humans a bit. They're just scrolling on their phone and talking about Trump.

Cats are more interesting. I want to see some action. Hope these guys come back while I'm still here, this person said.

Yeah, you and me both. But the thing is, action is something, okay, good or bad, it's almost the same amount of energy out. But imagine you gotta go help somebody who's in distress and you're gonna be there for a while, quite a few hours, most of the day.

You just don't wanna run out in your sweatpants, right? You gotta bring your keys, whatever else you're gonna bring, some food, whatever, whatever. Let's say you're gonna go to a happy occasion and it's gonna be the whole day. And still, you can't just run out.

You have to prepare and set aside. You gotta sacrifice time that you would have been doing other things. So whether these guys, the Elohim and whoever else is up there, decides to make a big move, whether it's positive or negative, it's gonna stop what you're doing.

It's a major interruption, disruption. So look at it that way. So I always look at it, like I always said, I don't go to weddings or funerals because both of them are a disruption in my life and they're meaningless anyway to most people.

So I don't go to either one. So look at one. One, go wedding is what, right? You're gonna have a, right? And the funeral is what? It's gonna be like, ugh, right? But I don't go to either one.

It doesn't matter if one is happy, one's sad. It doesn't matter because both of them are an interruption and a disruption and basically bullshit in the end. So if you could see it coming, I would avoid it.

Not because it's bullshit, because it's gonna be bullshit for everyone else. You're not gonna understand it. No one's gonna know what's going on.

They'll probably end up killing each other, whether it's good or bad. But the thing is, that's why you don't see it coming. You don't see it coming.

And that's what I like about what Jason Brashears is showing of archaics. He's showing the middle of May, 2040, 2046, but it's not like you're gonna flip a switch. Years before that, there's gonna be weird stuff and it'll be confusing.

And if enough people understand what he's saying, you'll have a bunch of people saying, if he's saying what he's saying is true, let's say the middle of May, 2040.