Hey, it's Sonic Event 200, first time on Jitsi, so hopefully the sound quality is good. Anyways, how are you doing tonight, Greek? Good. It's more about getting the message.

Is the quality good enough to get the message across? It's all about the message, right? Oh, absolutely. Absolutely true. But actually, you sound a little better on this now than I had you sounding on Skype.

Yeah, it's different processing. It's all numerics. You know, with these stupid rectangles, when people take pictures, I can tell.

It's numeric photography. It's not real light that you're seeing. All cell phone cameras have a fisheye effect because they're so small.

You know, if anyone knows about photography, I don't need to get into the technical aspects of it. And because it's been calibrated at the engineering level, they numerically even everything out. That's why when I'm taking pictures of food on a stupid rectangle, the proportions are totally out because it doesn't know what to do with a lot of... when an object like a plate is taken on an angle, it's elliptical, right? And it makes the small plate look really big, you know, and you can see it's all distorted.

Things that, you know, it has to decide what scale to give certain things. And you could always tell with the numeric. It's very rare that you see a non-numeric photography.

And when you do, what's non-numeric photography is photo negatives that have to be developed and prints chemical. Yeah. Chemical print.

Because everything else, basically, when you get down small enough, it's little squares. And quite frankly, if there's no information in the square, the computer fills it out. Yeah.

But what I'm saying is that lens can only show you what looks like a fisheye view, cannot show you what you're seeing. So it has to do it numerically. Right.

It has an aftertaste. I call it the AI aftertaste. Oh, yeah.

There's that. But there's also the after process, right, where you end up with these squares, like I said. And if there's no information, the computer does the fielding.

It fields. Yeah. Yeah.

So I call it digital. We could coin a phrase, the AI aftertaste, the digital aftertaste. Digital aftertaste.

Just call it an aftertaste. Because that was really big in the 80s and 90s. Remember, with certain no aftertaste.

Remember, who was doing that? It was one of the beer companies. Remember, it said no aftertaste. No aftertaste.

It's light. No aftertaste. Anyway.

See how the programming works? Yeah. Well, I think it was a soda company that did the no aftertaste because you're getting it mixed up with the beer company where it was less filling, tastes great. And then they added in no aftertaste.

Right. But the soda companies did it first because. Yeah.

So in this case. Yeah. Let's bring it up for this.

All this crap. I keep telling you, I'm working with an engineering group and said, there is no. You keep saying technology, technology.

What about innovation? Technology is not innovation. No. It's not the same word.

It's using the same technology from the 1930s. All the sensors that are used in all the smart devices have been around since the 1930s. Here's the spiel on it because I've gone over this a lot of times the past month.

All the sensors that are what you're calling technology is nothing but a grouping of sensors and processing the information numerically and then presenting it in analog form to the user. So yeah. So what they're doing is all the sensors in your smartphones and all these AI things have been around since the 1920s, 1930s.

By the 1950s, they went away from vacuum tubes, made everything a semiconductor, which by the 1970s, a lot for miniaturization all the way to the 2000s. And then it became mass produced, mass produced and further miniaturized and then thrust into the public, right? Thrust into the public. In other words, you don't have a choice.

Like Ferrari hasn't thrust themselves into the public, right? You can't go get a Ferrari for 10 grand or 20 grand. Never. They didn't ever had the Econo version, right? Never.

Right? Or the gas, right? You see? So... All they've done is speed things up, really. They've sped up the delivery system and they've sped up processing so that things don't... Yeah. That's part of the miniaturization.

Yeah. That's right. Now there's a hundred billion switches in a regular latest, let's say, regular smartphone.

I was impressed with the 16 billion. All of that in principle, if you were to teach how it works in principle on a chalkboard or a whiteboard, it would be the same stuff that was taught in principle in the 1930s. So there's no innovation.

No innovation. No innovation would be to create an entirely different process. See, that's the thing.

The process would be... And the approach and the outcome would also be different. Like if you figure out a different way to capture light being reflected off of objects and you come up with a different capturing system, that would be innovation. But no, that's not what they've done.

They've taken the same process and they've kind of sped it up, like I said, and miniaturized Well, they miniaturized it and then they thrust it in front of you because you won't find... You see, these cell phones and tablets, they're really cameras that happen to be computing also. They're focusing on that for some reason. You know, by the way, when Apple says they're doing a battery upgrade, what they're really doing... It's not hard to find.

This is not conspiratorial. If you look hard enough, you'll find this. They're searching your files and all of your photos have GPS location and time.

And they're looking at your photos for people in the background that the authorities asked them to look for, for a fee, and they're looking at everybody's phone. Let's say, you know, you're out at Pizza Hut and you're leaving Pizza Hut and you do a selfie and the guy all the way in the back of the frame is the guy they're looking for. They know what time he was there and also the coordinates, right? The GPS coordinates are in there.

Yeah. And they start putting information. Yeah.

It's all for hire. Like, I knew someone who worked at the DEA. He was... He still does.

He's... What do you call it? Witness Protection Program official and a bunch of other stuff. And we were... He was... We were looking... Well, I wasn't. We were interested in something and he says, you know, it's too bad.

It's, you know, this time of year because the satellite that would do it for us is not in plane. You know, it's not, you know, in position. And I said, really? Yeah, we can.

They're allowed to share because government agency, right? They could share their files, but you have to pay them. So when you hear about government agencies like the FBI doing this with this company, they don't do it for free. No.

They have to... The FBI has to pay a fee and who or vice versa. So you can go, for example, here's an extreme case. You can go to the provost marshal of an Air Force base and give them enough money and make a small private contract to drop, have an F-16 or whatever, drop a bomb on someone's house and they will do it.

And that's been done before during the Obama. I busted them pretty good when there's this lady in San Francisco, very, very outspoken, right? Let's say. And they said the block blew up.

Everyone said they heard a low flying jet and there was a big explosion and they said it was a gas line explosion. And the... What do you call it? The media got there too soon and you see this long flatbed truck dumping old gas pipes into the street. Right.

First of all, if it was a gas line explosion, there would be nothing of the pipe left. And it was basically that typical conical crater that you see. Just go look at, you know, any DMZ zone when they drop an aerial thing.

It looked to me from what I know about high speed explosives, it was 120 pounds and that's all I'm going to say. Fair enough. Yeah.

And all the witnesses were planted and the real ones in some other parts of media said, yeah, it was a low flying jet. We heard an explosion. Okay.

It's pretty obvious, especially, you know, when the gas company shows up and starts... Why would the gas company be the first to show up to drop old pipes on the street? Literally, you see the guys pushing the pipes off the truck. Yeah. To make the scene look realistic.

But the people are so stupid. It's like 9-11. They would never understand, you know.

Hey, fair enough. Before you get into a thing that you saw in chat, because I know you want to talk about that, but I got a couple of questions, just a few real quick ones. And so this one says, a question for the group.

Okay. What are his thoughts on shungite? Okay. S-H-U-N-G-I-T-E.

I'm not sure if that's spelled correctly. I got it. Yeah.

Particularly when it is used in or around water. That's the hoopla about it. I've worked with it a little bit.

I have not noticed anything marketable, like they say. So in other words, if you start getting the notion via the web or people saying it and try it out yourself, you're going to say, oh, great. You know, before you even try it, you're like, I got shungite.

This is like the touted to really help water. And you're like, I don't see it doing anything. That's all I'm going to say.

No, no. You won't see it do anything. Now, I have a five inch by five inch by five inch tall shungite pyramid.

Okay. Okay. What does that mean? You can go out and buy a little shungite rock that's like 30 bucks, a little thing holding you the size of a gumball.

This is a five inch by five inch by five inch piece of shungite. There's different types of shungite. And that doesn't do anything for me.

Now, there's a lot of people that believe that it does. You know, we got things like the mood ring, the pet rock, all that stuff. I got one of those shungite pyramids somewhere around here.

Everything does something, but it's not quite doing it the way that led you to get it. You know what I mean? I know. These guys were going to clear all kinds of things for me and it didn't do it.

Like, for example, it's really, I haven't experimented, but it's really good. You know, the mirror trick, putting it behind a smart mirror, a smart meter. So it sends the, you know, the mirror has to face the meter.

So it sends it, yeah, it has very good reflective properties and absorptive properties in the absorptive properties, supposedly process the energy. So it doesn't stay in the room, whatever. Since I've been working with the devices that I, so the devices that I do are in your face, you know, it's, it's, it's like, boom, it's like, even it's like, wow, this thing is really, you know, really notice a difference, right? So that's what I'm interested in.

The subtle stuff I'm interested in also, but that's not going to really fix a lot of the issues people have. But, you know, I'd say experiment with it. You know, I think it's mass dependent.

In other words, Shungud, you need a lot of it, not a little bit of it. So well, and as you've said, often all fields are open. So I imagine there's plenty to be discovered because, you know, people haven't discovered very much in a long time.

All right. So I'm curious, please ask the Greek about the entities that are inner voices and dreams. Are they part of the A.I. running this joint or are they separate? Both think of the A.I. as a tool. 

So let's say think of it. Think of that question this way regarding the A.I. you go to a real primitive society and when they do agriculture, what do you see? A lot of people with metal strapped to a wooden stick and they're poking at the ground. They might have a plow or not with an ox pulling it.

Right. Manual labor. Right. 

But you go to a more developed society. You got four or five people, you know, doing thousands of acres with these big machines. Right. 

Then you go to a more evolved society. No one's on the farm. Everything is being metered and completely automated.

Yep. OK, so when you bring in A.I. So let's say A.I. is running this place that was developed by extremely evolved. So they don't have to be there.

They have the A.I. and it is. That's how it is. And the voices is is a catch up in the air.

You get to run a logic train on it. It's one of two things of both of these things. It's the A.I. that's actually doing it or it's a leftover or let's say semi-prominent species that is non-physical that is still here and views us as being evasive or they view us as being a host.

They're getting some energy from us by doing that. Well, lastly, I wonder this, you know, often when people look for an either or answer on this, it could be both. Could it not? That's what I'm saying. 

I think it's both. Now, I don't think it's all it could be. It could be all exclusively the A.I. And there is no such species was replaced.

But is it possible to have a fully automated farm or self-driving tractors and meters for the water and self-harvesting and self-planting and then have a primitive group living on the sideline doing what they're doing to? Yeah. And in Star Wars, they had that. Then what's that planet? You know, they're the drone.

They would go around picking up drones and stuff. Those little sand people are not sand people. The other ones. 

Yeah. Yeah. The the Jawas would run around.

So I believe it's a combination of both. But I would say the A.I. is predominant. There you go.

OK, so I have a question about nine star key. And more specifically, the magic square used for prediction and how the numbers shift within the square on a day. Mostly, I don't know.

I don't know about the magic square enough to talk about it. OK, I would like to ask Greek if he uses the magic square. OK, you already know that in his life for timing things, but OK.

The idea of going along or against the current. OK, but what about going along with or against the current of atmospheric flow? Yeah, that's whether that's a weather question. OK, so that's a weather.

It's kind of a combination. That's fine. That's fine.

If you go with the flow, you're going to get cooling and blocking. If you go against the flow, you're going to get warming and discharge. OK.

Anyone who is at the weather seminar, I might want to do another weather seminar just to interject, I'm still getting people emailing about joining free classes and paid classes, no matter what. I mean, I'm in a transition right now, setting up a lab, a water lab specifically around the scale of radar. And that's why I said I wanted to do it pretty much in the springtime before spring is over is a good time.

And also I wanted to do the food seminar before anything else because you got to eat, right? You want to know this stuff before your next meal. So your next meal will be delicious. So I don't know. 

I might do a short free food seminar. But you know how I am. It's nothing short.

And I think, you know, so and I deserve to see the information is free, but my time isn't right now and it really isn't available. So I don't know how we're going to work that out yet. I still haven't announced it, but everyone beware that I would give a minimum of 10 days to two weeks notice.

So it's not like I'm going to say I'm doing the fee based seminar in three days and no one you know, people don't find out you'll have plenty of time. I'll do an email blast, you know, Skype blast, whatever. If I've got you in ever communicated with you ever, I will communicate that there's a class going.

Yeah. So I'll try and let people know on my list that are, you know, associated with you as well. You know when. 

Yeah. And it's not like you're going to miss it. It'll be recorded and it's going to be three three hour sessions.

Not this stuff. You know, the real look when when I when when I was exposed to classes that were the real deal, they were eight hour long and 10 hours long. They were, you know, if anyone, heaven forbid you work in the medical or legal profession when they do their class seminars, it's the entire day.

Seven in the morning to seven o'clock at night. Right. And that's just even just just to cover the news to not really full. 

Yeah. But the way I'm going to present it, it'll be recorded. I'm thinking of doing some bullet point stuff so you don't have to go through a recording.

I don't know. I would like to partner up with someone on it. And if I hint, hint, someone wants to partner up with me on on setting it up and all that, that'd be great.

So far, no one's come forward. I've got a way of setting up chapters and stuff on an audio recording, which we could do without too much of a problem. It's almost as good as an audio book, basically.

Yeah. So let's just see if we run out of time. Maybe we'll do it, you know, via this.

It'll be a fee based, though, because this way it's separate. We can put it in a separate part of the page. Look, I'll definitely announce it on the page when you announce it.

But if you want, we could possibly put it in the page out in a special section that it's like, you know, you can come and get it here and then that's a separate fee or whatever. That's up to you. But but I'm just saying that's one of the things that could happen or we could put it there afterwards up to you also.

So, you know. Yeah. But I do really have to focus.

We'll see, because three I mean, I'll commit to it if I commit to it. But it's I'm getting like almost every minute of my day squeezed out of me, not because anyone's doing it. I know how to tell people to back off and give good time limits for myself.

I always you know, if I know something takes a week, I'm going to tell you a month. So you'll get it in two weeks and be like, wow, he really delivered. Right.

So, yeah, the only thing on my personal side is I'm getting a reputation I'm meeting with these so-called water experts. And they pretty much get destroyed after having me on for three hours. And they're like, oh, my God, this guy is like the world water expert.

And I'm not. But I just happen to be. If that makes any sense.

It's kind of like that movie Idiocracy. You know, he's the smartest guy in the world. And I'm like, oh, my God, this guy.

Not sure is the smartest guy in the world. He's got like an average going to fix all our problems, fix everything. That's what's happening.

And I'm like, no, no, no, no, no. And they're like, yes, yes, yes. I'm like, OK, then. 

All right. What was telling you to put water on the crop? Yeah, I look outside and everything's Carl's Jr. And Brando, stop using Brando on everything. I know you're getting paid, but stop using.

Yeah, but but here's the thing. It's it's that's why I have more juice and more rights and more. What do you say? Confirmation on me saying where everyone is here to waste their time, boy, and I will talk about it a little bit tonight.

I'm telling you, I'll give you reasons that are solid. And I love that people it gets when people hear that you're here to waste your time, not you specifically, but everyone. It gets under some people's skin.

And that it's called triggering, right? It does. And you and you look at the reasons why they're not wasting their time. And you look at the reasons you're like, oh, you really are wasting your time.

You know, so that's like so obvious. So anyway, what else you got? I'm going to ask you, I got one last question here, and then we'll move on to to that thing that you want to discuss. What are the Greeks thoughts on suicide? OK, my cousin committed suicide a year ago, and I wondered what effect would have such an act on the spirit of the individual.

I know mainstream religious mostly condemned such an act. But what would be a more realistic assessment is the more realistic assessment would be it's the easy way out, no matter how painful it is. It's a lot less painful for, you know, usually if you don't if you're going to commit suicide and you don't do it within three days of trying.

Right. You're probably not going to do it. You know, whatever. 

It's it's a lot easier and quicker than putting through a lifetime here. Now, depends on what you consider, like most people are completely oblivious and clueless. So for them, it would be a terrible thing.

For someone like myself, it would be a godsend. But I figured I would rather put up in the if there's a zone between the afterlife, because if we're reincarnated, we are in the afterlife right now. Right. 

So it would be like, look at this coward, you know, and I'm, you know, condolences to anyone who knows who cared about someone who killed themselves. Yeah. But you might be called a coward, this, that or the other.

It's not condemned in the scriptures. Let's say the Old Testament or the New Testament even brought up. There's no there's no it's not mentioned.

Right. So it's not not even what is mentioned as someone falling on their sword. Yeah. 

Oh, well, someone falling on their sword. But it was not it was not viewed as derogatory or demeaning or cowardly. Just something that happens. 

Right. Because of the because they didn't want to suffer the alternative, which is being captured by an enemy. Yeah. 

But but OK. So you don't want to suffer the alternative. Let's expand that concept.

You don't want to suffer the alternative. What is the difference, especially if reincarnation is real? It would be OK. This is the alternative.

In this case, to be more specific, would be taken prisoner by an enemy and then degraded and then killed. Yeah. But that would be the fast way to say, now, I think living here a normal life is very degrading.

Unless you can. Yeah. Depends on what level you're at, you know, and there are levels, but they're not vertical.

Like one is higher than the other. They're all lateral, like inner circle, outer circle. And the more you go towards the inner circles, the more you see what's going on in the outer circle.

Right. Like you don't see the center of the onion from the outside. You have to get closer to the middle that you look out.

Right. And all this stuff about getting outside the box. No, you want to be in the box.

You want to be in the box, in the very center of the box. So you get the full vantage of the box and everything through it, because the box is translucent, transparent. So, you know, I'm going to come up with stuff that's contrary.

But no, I have no real thoughts on it other than if you're given, let's say, you know, the lot or the fate to live through. Do it. Now, I do understand, like some people in the early days of chemistry, they experimented with chemistry so much that they ruined their fitness level, their health so much that they had to commit suicide because they're in such pain.

Right. So there's levels like that. But if there is a conscious level in between, you're going to say, well, you know, let's say there is reincarnation.

That means we're in an afterlife. Now, let's say you kill yourself today. In 40 days, you're born again, 40 or let's say 55 days.

You'd be born into another. But you want to. Ooh, that's spooky.

It doesn't matter what level, you know, whether you're born in the ghettos and in the ditches of Calcutta and India as an untouchable or a wealthy whatever in some court. I think it's shit. And I'll get into it.

Why? It's the entire general thing. But no, I have no real view on it other than I think you should fight it through. In other words, go through your life.

And it is a fight, whether you know it or not. So I just see it as a drastic overreaction, because the truth is, look, we're here for sure. Yeah, unless it's necessary.

Yeah. You know, so to me, it's like but it's a drastic overreaction. People have to it when it happens also, you know, and that's the thing.

That's all about the program. Well, it's the program. It's your culture. 

The culture is your programming. And the culture also dictates the family life. Right. 

Right. You know, so because if you look at what family life based on culture, they're all pretty much the same, you know, so it goes culture by culture. And, you know, like, for example, if you say, you know, the culture in Afghanistan, the Pashtun people, well, if you when they move over here and have a neighborhood here, let's say in Chicago or New York or Tucson or whatever, it's all it's they're going to bring that same culture within their household here.

Right. So it's not so the geography as much as it is the culture. So fair enough.

So I guess this is a good segue to go into the constant battles you were asked about or you were starting to discuss in chat. Yeah. Yeah.

What brings this brings this up is I really like Lookout for Charlie. It's Lookout F.A. and then Charlie. He just put up a video recently about what are the Bolsheviks? I recommend viewing it.

He put a pretty good. It's not a political thing. It's just to bring chaos, the antagonistic group to bring chaos, mayhem and death.

That's what they do. It's not just the Russians, the Bolshevik, by the way, in Russian means majority, but it's Bolshevism or something. And that's where it came from.

It's not political. So what you do is you figure out what a counterculture would be. So if you want to do the Bolshevik maneuver in a Christian, let's say whatever mindset, Western, you get the people that want to be transvestites, drug users or whatever, pay it, you know, whatever, whatever counterculture.

And you give them power to to fight the culture, to bring it and get people to subdue. Right. Because if you put all that, he made a good point, like, you know, with the trannies in sports, if you took all the trannies that get into, let's say it's mostly men going to women's sports.

If you took all the men that want to be women and made their own team, they wouldn't want to do it. They only do it to inject themselves one or two in the women's sports to ruin women's sports. Right. 

Well, there is a way for them to form a team anyway. There's, you know. Oh, sure.

Well, they make them there. No one wants to be like that. They're made that way, by the way.

You know, I made I find it really fascinating how much time people spend on that, considering how few people there are that this is, you know, it's like talking about it. Well, it's the media control the media. All the media has always have been.

So, OK, for example, the National Socialist Movement in Germany, which are called the Nazis, which is a derogatory term, by the way, was if they didn't develop the that they would have gone just like the Soviet Union was stuck in the book because Bolsheviks. So anyone can go research. There was a video. 

I think it was taken down. Guy did his research. And after World War one, all the way to the 30s, Berlin was the heroin capital capital heroin usage capital of the world.

It was like 60 percent of the women were prostitutes. 30 percent of the 60 percent women were pregnant prostitutes. 10 percent of the men were transvestite.

Every form, everything that you saw going on with the woke movement was going on in Germany. And the people were silent because the media and the universities started publishing books to say how great it was, just like now. Right. 

The same thing. Everything that's been going on since the 2020 with the Bidens and all that was going on identical in Berlin. And then the National Socialist Party stepped in and said no more.

That's what that was. The anti-Jewish movement really was against this academia. And then it just spread because, you know, people always just like look after 9-11, because there were supposedly Muslims involved.

There were there were people that were from India. What were they called? There were turbans, Sikhs. There were Sikhs that were gunned down and beaten up at gas stations.

Right. Yeah. For 9-11. 

S.I.K.H. I worked at a gas station around 9-11. And, yeah, I actually they don't cut their hair. They wrap their beard because hair is cutting your hair is mutilation.

Right. Yeah. I had a Sikh, someone that when we had the restoration business, he was a Sikh.

Golu was his name. And yeah, and people said, well, because they look that way, we have to beat them up. You know what I mean? Yeah. 

And that's how the anti-Semite movement started in Germany. And they just let it go, run away. People don't know the real history of that.

And you know, you're not going to get out of these history books because when you pick up a history book, does it say the true history of so-and-so or just says history, just says history. So it's bullshit. So mixed in with it, you know.

But yeah, that's anyway, we went from this to that, to the other. But anyway, constant battles. Look out for Charles.

Yeah. Look out for Charlie's last video. I looked at the video you talked about.

I had no problem with the audio, but that's fine with a site like that. You got to help them out if you can. If you disagree with him, put a comment in there respectfully.

He usually gets back and he'll correct it. The other thing is he I wanted. I don't have the time to invite him or do it, but he knows nothing about the money system at all.

He was in a car accident. The insurance money didn't help. You know, if if you go to an insurance company and it's a million dollars worth of damages, they only want to give you 20 grand.

You know, they got the million and they're keeping it themselves. And they're just giving you 20 grand. And this happened with North Carolina and hurricanes and all that stuff.

All you got to do is go change the terms and services and say, you know, I'm taking back full security interest. I need the entire amount, because when I wrote on a piece of paper that it's a million dollars that I need, you got it and I could prove it because you go to here, here, here, here. And this is how you got it.

And they still they're not going to just roll over, give it to you, but at least you're working on something that will get you that right. So he doesn't know anything about the money system. And most people don't and they probably never will.

But that's part of this thing. It's all a constant fight. So you're born the constant fight before.

This is the preface. We have about 60 centuries of history. OK, we're in almost none of it.

Almost nothing. If you look at 60 centuries of history, technology, innovation, development, almost none of it applies today in any way where people say, I can make that decision because I know 60 cent, you know, almost 6,000 years of blah, blah, blah. No one people are walking around just as primitive as they would have been if you only had a hundred years of human history.

So, so first of all, time doesn't make it better. By the way, I'm going to interject this little character stuff. Whenever you run into someone in a trade or a business and the first thing they say, I've been doing this for 20 years, I've been doing this for 35 years, I'm this for 10 years.

That is the most insecure person. I would not want that person's services unless I had to. I had no choice. 

Why? If the first thing you have to project is how many years of experience you have and you fall for that, well, you deserve the rest. You get it? Because someone has 30 years of experience doing whatever, whatever. Now there's several ways to look at it.

It's 30 years of edifying and growing and developing it. Or you really have one year experience 30 times. In other words, what you're still doing, what you did when you only had one year experience because you're lazy, whatever. 

And most people I found out through the character, if the first thing they project is how many years experience they have, I avoid them. I'm like, you got anybody else? I would rather have someone with a month's experience that's better at that service than someone with 30 years experience that just puts it. And one of the signs that they're insecure, they're not confident is the, that's the first thing they put in front of you. 

So just pay attention. Whenever you do it, looking for a serve someone in the service industry. And the first thing they put in front of you in an ad, when they speak or whatever, um, they're, they're, they're giving you a facade. 

And when you get past that curtain, you'll notice they're not very good at what they do because people that are good at what they do, don't bring that kind of stuff up. Right. Yeah. 

So anyway, um, so this is where we are right now. If anyone comes here and sees humanity says, you guys have 60 centuries, almost 6,000 years of history, and this is how you're living. This is what you know, what a bunch of idiots, because I've said this many times on Sonics for decades, that all of your science, all your whatever, whatever, whatever that you consider your development and your state of the art or whatever, as less than 150 years old, right? Let your medicine, everything up until the 1920s was abandoned.

All of your medicine is from 1920s, 1930s, the Flexner, you know, 1912, whatever it was in after. Right. So what happened? So why are you constantly throwing stuff away? I caught one of Jason Brashear's local, uh, last, uh, videos.

And I'll make a comment there also. I enjoyed it. Not the last one, several ones about what, about the, the compendium or nexus of archaics, you know, from the beginning, then it was a good thing to show a beginner. 

Um, and he said, basically, there's a lot of commentary by historians and philosophers that earth is a history of just catastrophe after catastrophe after catastrophe. But if you ask a typical surface dwelling earth inhabitant, he doesn't, they're not aware of that at all. So part of being human is not being aware at all about anything other than what's put in front of you. 

It's like the goldfish effect. How many times have you ever brought up something that happened more than two weeks ago to a normie? And they said, Oh, it was too long ago. That was two weeks ago. 

That doesn't matter now. Right. So you're in this stupor, this, this dull effect where no one, it's really bad. 

And you haven't no accumulation of anything. Now put that aside. Cause that's your wisdom and knowledge base, right? Like one thing I was doing with the financial seminar or when he, anything that I teach, whether whatever it's a get the information, but that's good.

But it's not necessarily everything because do you have the wisdom to use that information? Right. So you have the wisdom when, and the wisdom is, you know, how, when, and you know, how much of it should you use or should this be considered? And that's the thing when they do you have the wisdom to see what's going on, not just information. People think it's just information.

It's not to make the right decision. Okay. When you put all that aside, look at when you're born, the very few other species other than the hermit crab, right.

Which is looking for a shell. You have no clothing. If you're, it's called exposure, a child will die. 

If it's exposed, right. You have to hunt and forage for food, mostly forage and do agriculture because you really cannot go out and eat whatever's in your environment without some level of preparation or agriculture. Yeah. 

You got to do something to it. Right. You either got to cut it up, split it, cook it. 

Yeah. Something. Yeah.

And you've people have heard me in the recent say that I've always given advice to people who want to go live off the grid. Don't do it. You're going to find your energy cost is going to be five to 10 times more.

And you're going to find out everything around you wants to kill you. Oh no, but we're going to be living near crater lake. It's beautiful. 

I said, oh, okay. All right. Talk to me about when you come back. 

They're like, oh, Greek. You're right. Everything wants to kill us.

Doesn't matter if you're in the mountains on the Prairie in the desert, it doesn't matter what in the tropics, everything around you wants to kill you. Because the epitome of man, he always starts in a garden ends up in a city of the highest evolution, meaning unraveling or development for humans is to be in a city, an efficient city. Right. 

So it's like it or not. I mean, Hey, okay. Now the fight, you have the social aspect.

Now that's the nature that wants to kill you. You need shelter and all this until you need to provisions. Then you have the characters within your society that want to kill you, right? Well, not necessarily want to kill you, but you could be stolen from, you can be robbed, you could be raped and murdered. 

Right. And in some cases it's in more places than others, especially when you have police, right around. So, uh, and or a semi militant, uh, what's called paramilitary in the society.

So they, they want to kill you. You have treachery amongst people that are close to you, right. That want to fight you. 

Right. And then you have the big social thing with wars. One group, one collective wants to fight another collective, right? Again, the battle. 

Okay. Now within going back to the social, uh, you have groups of people like the Bolsheviks that are, that are put poison in your food, poison in your water. Right.

It's pretty clear. Uh, like they talk about food safety. There's so many chemicals in the food, you know, they all ran do this for food.

You know, make sure you wash it. There was some idiot sheriff talking about we can't eat the lettuce in the fields because the illegals come and defecate in the field food safety. I'm like, what an idiot food safety.

Look at what they're putting in children's food and all this other stuff. What complete moron. Um, so you have a fight here, a fight there, a fight there. 

If you deal with the medical people that, first of all, they don't know anything. And that was the other thing, not to disparage, but archaics had an ad. It was a holistic alternative, uh, healer.

I was just laughing my ass off. I said, Oh my gosh, just, yeah, whatever. They don't know anything there. 

You know why they're, uh, the, the, the alternative is worse than the mainstream because it's a false hope and they don't know, they don't know what they're doing. Ask any alternative. Is the heart a pump? What do they say? I had someone I've told you more than once say Greek, this person's a doctor, but no, no, no Greek. 

They're pretty cool. They have this stuff that naturally gets you your lower blood pressure. I'm like, dude, there's no such thing as blood pressure. 

It's total fiction. Oh my gosh. You know, put them on, put them on.

And you know what the first thing they said to me when I brought up a little thing, I have 30 years experience as a medical. Oh my God. Boom.

I got no time for this idiot. Right? So, and they're all like that because here's the thing. They cannot exist in the field in good conscious once they find out how the human body works. 

I haven't found any exceptions in any field. It doesn't matter. Dentistry, chiropractic, alternative, this, that, whatever.

None of them know what's going on. You know, the blood pressure thing, the blood pressure thing brings up a question that I can't remember if I got to it a couple of Sonics ago, but it just came back to my mind. And I think I might've forgot to ask it, which is, you know, somebody said, okay, blood pressure is nonsense, but it indicates something.

Yeah. It's like without getting technical, I used to be able to recite all the technical. It's the pause between beats.

Within the beat, there's really like a double beat. The heart beats is a beat that's measured. Then there's another beat that's measured at the point of measurement known as the cuff.

They wanted to know what could, could there be something useful in that information? That's how they wanted to know. No. And I'll prove, I'll prove it here. 

Well, I can't prove it, but this is how it was proved to me. Back in the eighties, there was the, the, these medical could have been a red cross or some international health group, whatever. They went over to investigate, uh, where centurions live. 

Like people live over a hundred places like Crete, Okinawa, uh, Valley here, you know, where it's known where a lot of people have the most people live over a hundred. So they visited, I read the long form, the long story about it. And they couldn't find them because they were out working these people over a hundred. 

They were out, you know, just like everybody else. And then what they did was they took blood tests and blood pressure. Their blood pressure was the highest they've ever measured.

And their blood sugar was the highest they've ever measured. So if they would have lived in this society, they would have never made it that long because they would have been on the fake diabetes drugs and blood pressure drugs. They would have made it past 60 or 70 never. 

There's no way. Right. And I do have a pretty one day we'll talk about, uh, if you do take the drugs for diabetes, which isn't, there's no way to measure blood glucose, by the way, the way they're telling you, it's, it's like the PCR test just as accurate.

And I don't believe they're selling strips for people and all these devices. Um, imagine a home PCR test. I'm going to run out and get one of those for sure.

Right. Right. That's where the suicide part comes in. 

But, and the blood pressure, uh, what are the symptoms and how many various other diseases arise from that? And what they are specifically. And you could see specifically what they're giving you to cure non-existent things like diabetes and, um, blood pressure specifically how, what it does. And you'll see like, Oh my gosh, this is all public information. 

Yeah. There's like, there's like what, 30 million people, 40 million people on blood pressure medication, just as many on diabetic medication. So you're looking at a hundred million people, uh, a year, let's say accounted for they're on a death sentence. 

Uh, yeah. So anyway, like if you know, grandpa or your parents or older person, and they're sitting in a chair watching TV and suddenly they stop breathing and the ambulance doesn't get there in time and they're dead, that's blood pressure medication. We can get into all this stuff.

And I could show you specifically because like we did specifically on the AIDS, we like getting into the chemistry stuff, what that is. Right. Um, so it's the treatment that's actually the disease. 

How about a fight there? How many people know that the med would say the medical industry is corrupt and dangerous. Just about most people, I'd say 50, 50. But where do they go? Where are they going to go to an alternative doctor for what, for what, what's the alternative going to do? Nothing. 

So with all the fighting and all the things against your food is totally toxic. By the way, most people have never had real food, especially Americans never in their lives. If you were born after 1930, let's just say 19, especially after world war II, when all the chemicals were put in.

So what it is is I've always said this before. It's all this stuff, the fighting and the contra energy against you, the contradictions that are put on you and you're still here as a species, um, is a Testament to the robustness of the human condition, both physical and mental. Because I think the, the attack, the physical attacks, like the, the microwave attacks, the sound attacks would look out for Charlie talks about as these are audible sounds. 

It's not microwave stuff. So it's being on that level. Right. 

Um, and all these other things, I think it's better that people don't know that it's going on. It's better to not know that the doctors don't know anything and they're just playing. They're literally, the doctors are literally playing doctor if whatever that term means.

Right. And the attorneys are practicing, you know, attorneys don't know anything about law. So you have all these 6 million people that are illegally and unlawfully in prison, all of them, all of them, unless you've gone through a superior court or Supreme court, uh, it's all illegal. 

So, and if you ask the attorney generals, why they say, well, they agreed to it. They won't even bother defending their position. So here's the thing. 

This is a Testament of how robust people are. And in order for this punishment or whatever condition exists to go on, they have to not be aware and they're doing a very good job at it. Like in other words, they're relying on the people being unaware and the people are very reliable.

So again, it's a consciousness thing because you're being destroyed on a physical side, on every side, right? Not destroyed, but decimated decimated means one 10th. Right. Um, I've had real food. 

I've had real water and it is nothing, nothing like back to the food, which is a thing. I, when I was going around the Midwest central part of the country, doing plaster mining with, um, uh, people that worked for Carl Meyer, whose name was called, he was the uranium King. He was the biggest uranium mine.

You'd actually look up uranium, uranium King, Carl Myers. He died in 2015. So it was around 2007, 2008, his own, the chair, chair, chair people took over the company. 

Yeah. Um, and then it fell apart, but I was, uh, when you're, when you're going from mine to mine, you know, mines are usually like, can be a couple of hours outside the nearest town even. Right.

So when you went places you weren't put up in hotels, you just knew someone, knew someone there and you stayed over with them. So I stayed over here, stay over there, New Mexico, Colorado. I mean, uh, our places, Arizona, Texas, that whole area, your four corners area, whatever white people.

And I ate what they ate, did what they did. And I felt sick, low energy, whatever. And I was like, I was asking him, how do you feel? And they're like, I feel fine.

I said, no, you don't. There's no way you could feel fine and eating this was his hot pockets and whatever you're eating every day. This is family stuff.

So they're already really sick. So the food thing is very, very important to get them into a more physical wellbeing. Because I remember I couldn't think straight eating what they ate. 

Right. Uh, you know, whatever. I still, you know, I clean it through his pork, no pork on my fork. 

Right. Uh, but they ate just junk. I mean, like stuff you buy, you know, ready-made at Walmart or low quality iceberg lettuce and hot house tomatoes was a salad with some kind of wishbone dressing. 

That's all toxic. Right. So, and this is what I saw. 

So it's like, if you want to know how these people feel, go live with them for a week, eat their food. And then when you're feeling like that, see what kind of new information you're going to take. Yeah.

You don't want to know you, you nothing. So they're, they're locked in spiritually or mentally. They turn on the tube, they go to church, they read the paper, whatever, if there is a paper anymore.

And they're locked in mentally, they're locked in spiritually. Um, new Pope, by the way, it's not such a big deal, but I guess it is in some places, Leo or something. Yeah. 

I was going to ask you about that because, uh, Oh, how ridiculous. That's like new Mickey mouse. There's like, that stuff has nothing to do with anything. 

Are you so stupid to buy? I mean, I mean, yeah, look, people are so stupid. They don't even have to sell it anymore. They look for it. 

Try anything. Just think about that years ago. If they had to sell that shit or intimidate you now, it's like the people, Oh my gosh. 

So you're in a, so this is the point. The point is here. Everyone here is wasting their time.

You're in a transition threshold. It's called your life. Unfortunately, it's what 60, 70, 80 years old, 90 maybe. 

Um, the people that are happy here about everything are clueless, which if you're listening to me and comprehend what I'm saying, you're probably not one of them, but the person next to you probably is who knows. I hope not. Um, cause it ain't gonna last.

But the point is just put up with it. It's a battle. Get a good night's rest. 

This is the most important thing. If you can have good food that makes you feel good, good company, you know, good conversation, halfway decent communication. If you can afford it, uh, you should want to afford good communication cause it's all communication. 

Uh, good food, a good clean place to rest clean. Right. Um, try to avoid what you see the majority doing, which is the Bolsheviks, right? Bolshevik means majority.

And you'll be fine because you need to recover for the next day, which is going to be a little worse than the day before. Right? Because that's the whole thing today is a little worse than yesterday, but it's not going to be as bad as tomorrow. And if you know how to look for that, you'll see what I'm saying is true. 

And I sound like the ultimate pessimist, but no, sorry. You know, there's the suicide element, right? But do you want to really risk that? I mean, that's kind of like Russian roulette. Um, I think just be a trooper like they say in a warrior and just keep fighting through. 

Cause it's a fight without fighting. You're not fighting anything. Now there are people that lose it and they think they have to fight, right? Typically it's a, they bought into that idea. 

Uh, so just it's called endurance. You just have to endure it, man. And it's much better to have good food, good rest. 

Like when it's, you know, good food, good clothing, shelter, right? All that stuff. What really matters. So you can recover for the next day. 

Uh, and that's where, that's what it's about. The world ain't going to be a better place. It's going to get worse. 

It's slightly incrementally every day. Uh, so you're going to have to be able to recover from today's mess to deal with tomorrow's mess. And that's just how