Hey, here we are, Rated Y, once again, and we're going to continue with some other questions, but hey, Greek, how are you? I'm doing how I should be doing, being the Greek, as they say, I'm always looking for another thing to be called, whatever, just don't call me late for dinner, as they say. I had a few thoughts I want to bring up, because every so often, my interactions with the humans gets to a point where I have to relay stuff back, and here's the thing, like, even in my relationship, you know how people get heated and mad and all that, say, I'm sorry, or whatever? You've heard of that before, right? You know, I didn't mean it, I even tell, you know, my wife, I said, everything I've ever told you is written in stone, and I meant every word of it. Maybe, the way I said it, I would do it over again, but the message, yeah, I wouldn't take that one thing back, never, you know, the apology, the explanation is, it's written in stone, if I say it, whatever, unless it's information that I find that counters previous information, then I have to edit, right? But in personal situations with people, it's never like, oh, I should have said, no, everything I've ever said to anyone holds.

Maybe the delivery, right, because, you know, but the actual content, like, for example, I had someone that was interested in doing something with me and then had a negative criticism, I said, and? And nothing, they were silent, so I was like, OK, you know, I can't use that, can't use you, because when you give a criticism, the proper way is to give the criticism and then why you're giving the criticism and then how to fix it. Well, we don't live in that kind of society. I'll tell you what kind of a society we live in, especially 99 percent of the people are probably Westerners, even in Europe, whatever the Western culture.

So let me just imply it this way. Let's use a couple of cliches that people come to become to them, cultural norms and things that they look down on. Right. 

Let me give you an example. He's thirty five and he still lives with his parents. Right. 

You've heard that before. Right. Or whatever.

And everyone's like, oh, that's so bad. No, no, no. In a culture that's not meant to be divided, the strong culture, you will have two, three, four generations living under one roof their entire lives or the estate, the same property.

Right. But what they do to weaken the culture, the Western culture, you got to move out when you're an adult. And what does that do? Are they usually ready? Very few people are that are, you know, that aren't well suited, still have to go out because reputation being funny and you have accepted the Western culture, because right now I recently heard someone say, you know, I still there's a high percentage of thirty five year olds still live with their parents, you know, and it's higher than ever been. 

I said in certain Middle East cultures, let's say, let's just use an example. You'll have the newlyweds with the wife being pregnant, living with the parents either side and the grandma and the great grandma. And that's it.

That they all stay together. Right. That's the idea to stay together.

Right. So in the Western culture, they're like spread them out thin. Right. 

And anything that they do normally or did through the past that was supposed to be a symbol of unity and strength, we're going to turn it into something that they should be ashamed of. Give you another one. Oh, he support or she supports him.

She does whatever cultures that were really strong and held together had a thing that when a couple got together and married, it's called a dowry. So when the man accepted the woman, a woman's family accepted the woman's family gave the man a dowry, which was either property or money or animals, livestock, jewelry, whatever, of usually of high net of high worth. It was very expensive to marry off a daughter.

That's why the remnant of all these old cultures was, oh, no, you got all these daughters. How can we afford it? A Westerner will think, well, do you feed them just like the sons? Right. No, because in order to have them married, you have to provide a dowry to have a proper suitor. 

Otherwise, you're going to marry them probably down below your social level. If you want to marry above your social level, you have to be able to provide a dowry. It was a house. 

You've heard of the term. Obviously, most people that have studied any history know about this, but I'm shocked to see how many people don't know it. So sadly, it's even in the poor versions of the biblical text where you see dowries being exchanged. 

And, you know, in this case, that's right. And usually when you marry, when the male marries below his level, the dowry is even bigger. It's like a tribute.

Yeah, because now he's taking on something that's even worse into his family, actually. Right. And usually it's the female.

The woman has the better of the even though her family provided the male with all this small fortune. She is better off because now she's married up into a higher whatever. Right. 

So they're elevated and then their children then hopefully go a little high. OK, that's why when I used to mentor young men, I used to say you never meet a woman or a girl in a laundromat. And they're like, why is this? Because if she can't afford a washer and dryer, how the fuck is she going to support you? But anyway, I use the medical term there.

Right. And that shocks people. Right. 

I have to support after World War Two. Oh, you could work a regular job like a postman after World War Two in the 1950s or a garbage man or a schoolteacher and afford to buy a house and put your kids through college one. And the woman didn't have to work or whatever.

There's nothing to do with that. There's nothing to do with the woman working. It has to do how she brought enough to keep to create a small fortune so the household can continue. 

This was, by the way, in ancient and and with the young people, by the way, when I speak to young people, I like to give them like these antidotes, like you never meet a woman in a laundromat. Why? Because how is she going to support you if she can't afford a washer and a dryer? Right. That shocks them.

You wouldn't believe the shock that they get from that. Right. Nowadays, they would call it a life hack, actually.

Right. It's one of those things that cut the shortcut to get to the right result. Yeah. 

And all these things come from the weight when I say, OK, cultures that did this with all the things that I've mentioned live with their parents their whole lives and grandparents. By the way, I remember even from the Greek traditional, you had a three family house and the the youngest family lived on the bottom floor. The oldest family live on the bottom floor.

And as you got up to the same family, as you got up to the top of the house, it was the younger. Right. Because of the rate, the younger people lived upstairs.

Right. And it was it was a friend of mine. It was his parents, him and his sister.

Below that was the aunt, his sister also living in the house, his aunt, the aunt of the father and the grandparents and great grandparents living together. Right. And sometimes it was mixed.

And that was not good when you had like her parents and your parents together. Oh, that was usually a bad situation. Yeah. 

For some reason, for some reason. So these things and also, you know, the woman providing a dowry or small fortune to be all these things were norms and something called you ready? The Ottoman Empire, which lasted how many centuries? Conservatively, four or five centuries. Conservatively, it was common.

And have you ever heard of these epochs and eras where these empires lasted for centuries? That's what they did. That's what they did. Right.

So right now you're in Europe where everything they put out is to weaken you culturally, socially, mentally or need to say anymore. The Internet. Right.

The Internet, the heyday, the Internet, what would you say ended about 2013, roughly? Or maybe. Yeah. Yeah. 

So right now it's not a tool. Archaic's did a video recently and it promised you as information, but it's really a surveillance and power trip. They're power tripping with the Internet now.

Right. So, you know, so that was a decent video, Jason, I caught recently. Not the recent one, but I don't know, recent like week or so.

So kudos to that. He was it was like a ranty video. And I like it when people rant, because, for example, you know, you can't prescript a rant. 

A rant. You ever notice that? Oh, I know. I don't prescript any of my shows, actually.

No, I mean, a good rant can't be prescripted. Imagine you gave someone a script. So I want you to rant that it's not going to come out like a rant.

No, it's under something natural that has to be there or unscripted. And like I say, from the heart. So I just wanted to bring up those points.

I could keep going for I could do hundreds of points on this and what's going on. Another. Well, let me do one more, because I've been dealing a lot with the engineering side. 

A lot of people always say it'll say if you do this or whatever, improve, it'll save you money. Never do anything for the economic reason alone. That's how you get in trouble.

Right. Ask the mob. You know, everyone thinks the mob is wealthy.

They might have a fancy house and a car, but they're they're barely eking by general consensus. There are some of them that were making a million dollars a day in the eighties. Right.

But, you know, there is a difference between the mob that people know and the real thing. And, you know, like like the truth is La Cosa Nostra, right? They go because that's the mafia. Now, because that thing, first of all, you're pronouncing it wrong.

But secondly, because I do understand Sicilian when it's spoken to me, usually if it's done properly. But here's the thing. That's not those are street guys.

You see the names, you know, these are the ignorant, illiterate guys that they bring in because they're useful as foot soldiers. And that's it. The people that control stuff.

There's eight organizations in Italy alone and their fraternities. Think of them as the Freemasons who act. They're slow moving their fraternities.

And yeah, and the poor and the guys that you see getting busted. I don't care if it's John Gotti or Sammy the Bull or freaking. Yeah, I don't know. 

Yeah. They are the lowest. Yeah. 

When we say if you heard their name, seen their face and know that they're not that they're not. They're not the guys. And there's eight organizations over there that I know of.

And look, the one that everybody thinks is the mafia is not has never even in its entire history been in the top three of those organizations size wise, riches wise, army wise. Nothing. Yeah. 

And it's not an Italian organization, by the way. It's an international. It's just like intelligence agencies.

It's not CIA. And here, by the way, Korea has the CIA also. It's called the CIA. 

No, but there is one specifically based in Sicily. I'll tell you that. Yeah.

But what I mean is they all have an international grouping, just like all the religions kiss the Pope's ring. Right. Well, of course, just like the brilliance of BlackRock.

What is the point of owning everything on the planet? You don't need to just own a piece of everything. Well, that's the whole thing. Well, you own what controls it.

They're holding the control of it. Yeah. So it's interesting.

And that's you know, here's one thing in one's life I would suggest. And I want to just it's are you in control? And, you know, when you're in control, two ways, the two things, when you know what your needs are and what your wants are, if you can stop mixing what you need and what you want and see the difference, you're going to have full control over your life. Right.

So, for example, like one thing, what do you want? I don't want anything. I have needs. And what are your needs? Well, first of all, if you can tell me like this thing here, my midsection called a stomach, when it starts growling and feeling painful, do you have something I can do for that other than getting food? They're like, no, you need food for that.

Yeah. Well, OK, then that there's one of my needs. All right. 

Because I can't stand it when it's right. Food is a need. Yes, it is.

Yeah. So that's a need, isn't it? Yeah. When it's raining outside, I'll catch pneumonia and die if it's raining for a couple of days and it's cold.

We have a fix for that. Yeah, it's called shelter. OK, there is my need.

You're going to pass out. Yeah. So shelter, no matter what the condition is, when it's really cold outside, really cold, I might get frozen and die of frostbite.

Do you have a fix for that? Right. It's called shelter. Right. 

OK, so let's see our needs now. Now, first of all, if I walk down the street naked, I'll probably get it'll be a public nuisance, right? Indecency. So you have a fix for that.

Yeah, you need clothes. It's a public nuisance. It's not exactly the most efficient way to travel either, because, you know, clothing is just a good idea because skin just gets banged up against the wall.

But what I'm saying is if you don't know the difference between your wants and your needs, start asking people about things that you're experiencing and what their solution would be. And if you get three people saying the same thing, like this midsection near my stomach, when it growls and it feels painful, it's called hunger. Do you have a fix for that? Yeah, it's called food.

And they all say you need food for that. Guess what? That's a need. But if you have a want, like what color Camaro can they get? Hey, Benny, get the Iraq.

Which color Camaro? And you get three different colors. Guess what? That's not a need. Right. 

When the options when things become optional, it's not a need. It's a want. Now, what is that? Right. 

Let me just bring this one more thing before we continue. As the relationship keeps coming over, I have a someone that messages me and I said I'll address what you're saying. The email was not that long, but it was basically kind of like maybe a mixed relationship where one person they're in a relationship, but one person hasn't fully legally left the other one, even though they're they're estranged.

Right. Like, you know, for example, there are people that go into legal matrimony for for many reasons, become estranged, you know, for many reasons. So how does that deal? Well, first of all, I want to mention any legal marriage that is going on today.

And I think they've adopted this in other cultures besides the Western culture is a business. It's a three way business. So when the when the marriage, for example, the legal marriage is separated, that three way business is no longer a three way.

So the third party, meaning the state or the authority that married you now wants to pull out all of their shares. So they take a third in the form of a tax, however they can. Right. 

Because remember, it's a three way third, third and third. Right now, that's that's all that is. There is nothing honorable about being legally married.

Actually, it's the opposite. I like Brandon. Joe Williams says one of the most evil things anyone can do is get a legal thing. 

But even Jordan Maxwell, even Jordan Maxwell used to talk about this, how that's just a legal construct. That's your business between the two of you. It's a business. 

It's a business arrangement. And that's all it is. And that's why when you affect that arrangement, the state wants its third out of it, however it can get it.

Right. Oh, yeah. Yeah.

So but here's the other part of it. And when you produce children, according to that legal situation, it is a product of the marriage. Literally, that's the wording used.

And I know that because that's right. And the state has a third of that child. But you like in Solomon, you can't cut the baby in half.

So they take the whole thing whole. You see what I mean? Right. They right. 

So and also they look at you as one. And right. So anyway, that whole thing with the legal side of it is actually an abomination on many levels, unless you accept servitude and slavery.

Because remember, when you're a slave, you automatically take on the religion of your owner. Number one. Number two, you have to have permissions and licenses for everything.

And I used to do research. What's called the slave codes of 1750. Cannot find them on the Internet, no matter how hard you try.

They were very prominent when you searched for the uniform slave codes of 1750, because all of the different states, by the way, the slave trade has always been illegal. Right. And so basically having slaves and trading them was the black market.

It's like what the cartels and the sheriffs do now, for example. Yes. But anyway, that was that.

Let me give you an example. Like Diogenes, the philosopher, he says. Anyone want to buy in ancient Greece, just like today, when you were convicted of a crime, you were a slave and sold this one.

Right. And today it's in the Constitution. You know, slavery, unless you're convicted of a crime.

So technically and legally, everyone in prison that's supposedly convicted with a crime, which is not even legal anyway, they can't do it legally. They just convince you that it is. They're all actually technically slaves.

But Diogenes says, you know, you can buy a master. He told someone, hey, why don't you why don't you buy and say if you can't afford it, if you don't want to buy a slave, why don't you buy being a master? And he says, how do I do this is when you buy a slave, you're actually now a master, aren't you? So I convinced him back again because he wanted to decide who bought him. Right. 

Because you anyway, it sounds better in Greek. I understand, though. Yeah.

You can buy a slave or you could buy being a master. And it's the same process. You do both by buying a slave.

So, yeah. So anyway, this this is without getting too much into relationships again and all that the legal stuff is actually abominable in many. But again, just like it's the opposite.

If you tell people he's thirty five and lives with his parents, that's abominable. And I'm telling you, it's they should that's not abominable. That's actually how you build a strong society.

So everything is backwards. The other thing I would mention about relationships is like even in my relationship, I would say I'm learning I'm going to learn to love you. And she's like, what do you mean you're going to learn to love me? What does that mean? Well, then I've gone over this right.

Like falling in love. Right. Actually, it's backwards.

You fall in the ditch, fall in love, fall for that. You fell for that. Right.

Doesn't sound good. But you fall in love is good. And it starts off high on the curve.

And then what happens as time goes down on the curve goes down, down, down, down, down, and you hear people say, oh, we want to rekindle our marriage. We want to rekindle. We're going on this where we went to rekindle, make things more exciting.

Why? Why do you need these external stimuluses? Why don't you decide to constantly make it better? Right. So the other thing is find someone who's trainable and who works both ways. If you have a set of ways that are better.

Right. Find someone who will accept that because they're objectively better. They objectify better.

Like when they have a cold in the winter, they don't know what to do. But you do every time your ways are better. Right. 

Very simple. They're very objective. So and then see if they're trainable.

But again, these things are changeable. If someone is trainable, it means that you can change them. Right. 

But if you find something personally repulsive, like let's say you don't like you want guys with a big nose, don't get a guy with a small nose. If you like women with small feet, don't get a woman big feet because you can't change that. And it's going to be detestable to you.

And eventually it's going to come out and you're going to be unhappy. So very basically, whoever you're in a relationship with, make sure I'm not saying that they're attractive. I'm just saying nothing repugnant to you.

Remember, I didn't say fine, beautiful, but nothing that's repulsive to you, which is different. So if it's not repulsive, it's acceptable. Right. 

Right. And then when you learn to love that person and the training goes back and forth, guess what happens? Everything about them is beautiful and lovely. Right. 

So this is basically it's so basic. It's beyond imagination. That's why I assure you anyone who thinks they're going to go to a modern psychologist, marriage therapy, none of that works.

And now you feel like it works because you get like a dopamine thing when you talk about it. We talked about psychological issues, spiritual issues are never resolved by talking about them at all. So that's another discussion.

We've gone into that in the previous Sonics we might revisit, but that might have been a little ranty. Right. The past time I've been speaking, let's stop and go back to the questions continued from the last time. 

OK, that's where you want to go. That's where we'll go. Let's see. 

This is a part of a series of questions. So they said question number two, where's it at? Oops. Hold on a second.

I got to get my little screen shot and that's fine because I want to read it directly and make sure I don't skip anything that they were trying to put in. Let's see. Oh, OK. 

This is about crap. Crap. I always mispronounce that that that crap stuff that you like.

Yeah. A lot of people like it. It's actually quite effective.

It's an opioid, by the way. For those that don't know, look it up. K. R. A. T. U. M. Do you have any good recipe to make it more tasty? They're asking. 

One time I was at a bar in Thailand where they mix it with ginger, lemon and sparkling water and it tasted very delicious. But they were wondering if you had a particular recipe. Yes. 

Yes. And the recipe is more of a method. Now, if you have something that doesn't taste good, why dilute it in something where it takes longer to get it into your body? Right. 

So do you know why, like a hard liquor is in a shot glass and you shoot it down right away? You don't sip it, do you? No. Right. OK, because it's the effect that you're going after.

Right. And then eventually afterwards, the actual downing a shot is in itself a thing that you enjoy. But in the beginning, you want to get it right down.

So what I do is I have a very small spoon. It's literally an eighth of a teaspoon. It's actually a little tiny wooden spoon.

And I scoop that up and I put it right on the tongue and follow it with a warm drink, non acidic coffee or tea and not cold. Boom down. So the whole event of being exposed, olfactory and taste to the kratom is no more than a second and a half.

You start putting that stuff in drinks and not only have you diluted it, any acidity counters it. Do you remember there was the baking soda cure for people a while back, 10, 15 years ago? And then I got a lot of trouble for the whole cancer cure with baking. So, yeah, well, the cancer is actually a blessing.

We talked about it because if you didn't get cancer, that means you would have died in your sleep. Cancer means it's a roadblock to prevent more accidents. Yeah, I get it. 

I was just referencing the. Yeah. But what they did was said, mix it with maple syrup and other stuff that maple syrup cancels out the effects of the baking soda.

By the way, the reason you want the baking soda is it's an alkaline which will throw the body into induction to produce acid, to balance it out. Right. And people think of the outcome.

They think it's alkaline water and alkaline. Your body is good because you want to be alkaline. No, your body wants to be neutral.

So produces acid in order for it to produce acid. It will pull from the acidic nature that it already has and deplete it. You see how it works. 

But anyway, that's OK. If they want to keep it simple and they want to be alkaline, that's fine. But they don't understand the mechanism.

Now, the same thing with the kratom. It's an alkaline. So the moment you mix it with.

Any kind of anything that has even the slightest acidity, you need more of it, because what happens when you neutralize something? It's neutral. You need more of it now to do what you could have done with a little bit in the beginning. So that is the method slash.

You want to call it. Is that a recipe? Yeah. Recipes have techniques and methods, don't they? It's a methodology.

It's a methodology to make your own recipe, which is probably better than giving somebody just a recipe. So the recipe would be take a straight shot, put it in the mouth and the very small spoon, slam it in here and then slam it. Have your drink ready first.

Couple of times I thought I had my drink ready. I slammed the powder and I was like, no drink. Oh, this sucks.

This is terrible. Now you got a mouthful of powder. Yeah, that's bad.

So have your drink ready for. And that's how I do it. And that's all.

And I could extol the virtues of it for those that enjoy it. Some people cannot handle it at all. If you can work with it, try it.

I'm not saying I'm not not endorsing it as like is any. You know, I'll never say this one thing does everything right. Yeah. 

So for everyone, right. There's no one. I'll never have a one size fits all.

Yeah, there's no one size fits all for everybody. That's not possible. So that's what I consider the method slash recipe.

There you go. OK. If someone was to get a loan from a private trust, would the holder of that trust be able to access the borrower's line of credit? That was asked before it was.

Yeah. Something similar might be a similar mindset. I think it's a very complex question there because new question.

Yeah, there really is no loan. If you're lending, if you're borrowing from a trust, you always you have to show proof of funds. OK, this is an easy way to do it.

Think of money as if you're talking about substance money, you know, like money and accounts and stuff like that. When you go to the store and you want to acquire some oranges, don't you want to look at them first? I know now they do home delivery and whatever, but you don't look at it. But you want to look at the product first.

So whenever you're going to go into business with someone, someone like that person, legal entity, ask them for proof of funds to show they have in the account. And then when they give you the loan, show that that amount has been debited from that account. Banks can't do that, by the way, because banks don't have any money to lend.

They just negotiate your instrument and it's in the contract. So a trust is a bank, but you're not really borrowing ever from anyone. They're an intermediary because Title 12, Section 1431 states powers and duties of banks is to borrow money and pay interest and off issued debentures.

And what I just say, the powers and duties of the bank is to borrow money and pay interest. Where does it say they lend anything? As a matter of fact, there's a bunch of other codes that say that they can't lend money on deposit from depositors accounts and they can't lend credit. So you're the one that puts you in that situation when you're dealing with banks, by the way, it's Halloween every day.

What Matt, what character are you playing today? It's Halloween every day. So a trust, I'm taking it. That is not using is not banks are intermediaries.

They're supposed to take your instrument, go to the Treasury and come back for a fee, give you the amount and it's done. They don't do that. They've been playing on your ignorance.

If you're going to a trust, like, for example, I have a trust and it has funds in it. If someone says, can you lend me money from the trust the way I would present, have a trustee present an account, I would put that money that they want in account, show it there. And then when I give it to them, I would show that it's been transferred out of the account and the balance that's left.

That's how people do business or whatever. I always let when I did banking, let the banks do my accounting so I didn't have to write. For example, when I had a client I did consulting with and let's say I had a 30 K fee.

I said, what are you going to do is you're going to go open a bank account and give me the card, put the 30 K in it. So it's like escrow. And I will let you know when I pull funds out.

And when I do, because it's on a bank card, you could look up online what I pulled that day and for what and for who. Right. Circle K, right.

Twenty eight bucks. It'll show Circle K on the bank statement. Right. 

It'll show I went to this building supply. It'll show I went to this or I had to pay the architect to dupe the cop, dupe the plans again. So there's I don't have to tell you what you know what I'm paying.

And then you know that everything that I spend and what we agreed on, it's 15 percent on top of that. So you can see in real time what I'm spending. And also, do I have to sit down and do bookkeeping or accounting or I just wait for the bank statement, actually do a screenshot online? Right. 

Easy. Right. So that's just I've given this example to someone who worked in Hollywood and stuff. 

So that's a great idea because they did like procurement and all that. So you just you just open a bank account. I mean, bank accounts are open like, I don't know, like movie tickets.

They're very easy. And I'm not talking about doing it the right way. The right way is where you take control of it.

But anyway, that's a very loaded, complex question, because I need to know all trusts are private. So since you said a trust, by the way, the banks. Everything they do is the retail facade and they have a trust in the background that you never deal with. 

You're only dealing with the retail side of it. Right. So when you said trust, I'm presuming that you're dealing with someone who has a trust and that would be the way that it would be done.

Proof of funds and then show the funds, you know, the date and all that and then whatever terms you have. But if you're if you're trying to say that a bank is a trust, it is. But you'll never deal with that trust unless you go through it directly.

And then they're going to tell you, what are you doing here? The entrance is that way. Right. Employees only kind of thing.

So anyway, next question. Fair enough. All right.

This one's going to get a little weird. Let me finish it because it goes back and forth and it's not my fault. You can skip it. 

You could paraphrase. Yeah, I'm going to. But still, this is going to be a little weird.

OK. On the Pope's work schedule, you know, birthdays. Right. 

We don't have a lawful birthday because the Pope's work schedule is not long. You do. But it's not on the Pope's work schedule.

You have to figure out using the moons and other things. OK. Which leads me to what time of day? Because remember, the day starts at noon.

So if you were born at 10 p.m., they count you it as a certain day. But that day actually started at noon and at midnight. Right. 

Yeah. Did we answer the question? Almost. OK, cool.

Next thing, my astrology hobby is based on using unlawful birthdays of folks. Hence, it is all crap. Got it. 

Got it. It's not all crap because their astrology is based around that. So you get it.

So the only time it's messed up is if you're holding a map, you know, all maps oriented. So north is up. But if you hold the map upside down and you think you're use your compass now and you think the south side is north, you're going to be going in the wrong direction.

Right. So the the current astrology has taken the Pope's work schedule into account. That the day starts at midnight.

The months are according to the Pope's work schedule. So it's it's what do you call it? A closed system. It's a closed system. 

Right. It actually you're OK. It makes it makes sense within itself.

Yeah, that's right. It's a closed system. Right. 

Just like we can have our own measurement system instead of inches or centimeters and stuff and call it whatever. As long as you use our scale, we're OK. Yeah. 

If we were both agreed on the same schedule. Yeah. The same scale.

Yeah. And by the way, when we were selling tape measures that you normally get for five or 10 bucks at the dollar store, I went and bought a bunch and I tested them against the machinists reference that I have. And guess what? They were just as good as the big brand names.

Of course. The hell, you know. So in other words, even they know even the dollar store knows you can't mess with that standards.

Right. So standards and practices. Anyways, did I answer it without getting weird? Yeah, you did. 

Oh, cool. All right. I cut it down. 

You cut it down. It worked perfect, I think. We'll we'll get feedback otherwise.

Well, if we're perfect means we're not good. So you're sure about that? Anyway, I think I think we did the job. OK, how about that? OK.

You know what? OK. Just to clarify our diagnosis, such as pneumonia, bronchitis and blah, blah, blah. OK.

Loss of vacuum issues. Typically they are a virus or bacteria, but I want to understand it from biological vacuum understanding now. Sounds like the answer is an oxymoron.

It's an oxymoron. Yeah, they answer their own question. It almost sounds like here.

It's like, yeah, it's the biological vacuum. What about the bacteria and viruses? What they're asking here? Exactly. Hold on.

Your body created those if they're in your bloodstream. Right. Or you were unless you're injected hypodermic into the subdermal matrix.

Right. How else do you want to say it? Well, there's someone sneezing on you and you drinking a glass of it is not going to get into your blood. Unless you are injected or your body makes it.

And ninety nine percent of the time, I'm good. There are people have been injected with diseases, I'm sure, but typically not. And your body created that because of the conditions that you're in.

Well, we know you can introduce things into the body by injection, right? So in this case, we're going to rule that out. But but then that changes up the process because now the body has to deal with it and it's going to create a waste product from something that is immediately. So if they inject you with a disease where there was studies done in the 50s where they did actually there's you've heard of the studies where Clinton apologized for injecting people with radiation and syphilis and all that.

Yeah, right. Yeah. OK.

That's always going on, by the way. Yeah. And it has been going on.

And they wondering why we inject someone who's like the worst stage of TB. We injected ten of these guys with TB and no one's coming down with it. What's wrong with us? Right.

You know what? What's wrong with our system? Let's say so. They keep giving you the bullshit and they have no proof for it. Your body produces that internally.

Now, here's the thing. This is really hard for people to imagine. If you were really taught what's going on biologically, there is nothing in your mind that you would think you were limited by because everything physically possible is being created by your body out of nothing, out of the vacuum induction, the energy, you know, the prana, the chi that you have. 

Right. It'll get to the point where could you imagine children, a society growing up or just the whole society already that has instilled in them the concepts of biogenesis, induction, vacuum and all that? Do you know that you could go to the dollar store and buy a device allows you to walk through walls? Right. You want to see how you're going to control these people.

Right. It's a control system. So it's really, really.

Imagine the most incredible magic, quote, unquote, trick. Your body's even beyond that. It's real. 

And I'm not saying it's magic, but it's doing things that are so foreign to you. I'll tell you what's going on right now with the mindset. And this is no stain on who wrote the message.

Have you heard of in the early days of Polaroid or wherever they would go to these islands in the Pacific Rim and the natives and they take a picture and show it to the natives and they freaked out because you put my soul in that you're putting me. You're doing some kind of magic. Right.

They didn't understand you were exposing light to film. And it was a reflection. Right. 

They thought you were you were ready. You shrunk them in there or something. Right.

Lots of things that they don't understand. They describe as magic. Yeah.

I mean, that's that's what you've been taught. But in the opposite. So the real magic or whatever, the real incredible stuff has been hidden.

And you've been given this materialistic bullshit. In other words, if you can't put it, pour it into a beaker and put it on a slide under the microscope, it doesn't exist. And this is in their own paperwork, starting with the Flexner report.

All medical research is an oxymoron because the Flexner report around 1912 or something, whatever, later states that only accepted medical practices will be used. So what does that mean? That means only what was developed till 1912 or whatever will be. And they did have vaccines, by the way, which were accepted.

It didn't say positive healing, curing, accepted. Right. Right.

So, yeah. And these this is the group that's controlling our knowledge base. Now, if you want to understand the vacuum a little bit more, for example, stuff with pulmonary stuff, the diaphragm is actually moved by the plera, which is a vacuum area.

Yeah. Right. Pleurisy pneumonia.

That's it's and when that has to go sour before everything else does. When the biological vacuum generally goes down low, your muscle reflexes go down low. And how many things rely on muscle reflexes, your heart, you know, everything pretty much. 

So that goes down low. So a general well-being. Let me just put it this way.

Let's go back to the basics. It sounds like back to the basics, the same thing. If you go look up a cross-section anatomy of a pregnant woman where they show cross-section, the belly and the uterus and the child.

OK, if you look at the bottom of the cervix, what keeps the baby and all the fluids from falling out? What's that called there? Mucus. It's it's called the mucus plug, because what is mucus do do? It makes a good what plug. Yeah.

When you when you have a system that's supposed to maintain a certain pressure, positive or negative, and that that that system surface or boundary layer is breached. What do intelligent beings do? They put what a plug in it. They plug it.

Yeah. Whether it's a dam or a tire or anything else, you know, when your body starts to develop mucus, it's telling you, hey, dummy, whatever you just did, don't do it again. And by the way, you compromise the vacuum.

So now we're making mucus. Yeah. Do you know how many babies I've heard this? I know you're going to say yes.

The parents are wondering why the baby is all clogged up. He's got mucus up until five, six, seven years old. Mucus problems. 

Right. I mean, it's runny nose, sinuses, can't breathe, cough. What you're doing is is is tamp is is messing with the body.

Right. You know, and babies can recover very quickly. So they're going to have a very immediate mucus response.

And it's severe sometimes. Right. Yes. 

Very. Yeah. And what do they do? They go get things right.

Go to the doctor. He doesn't know anything, because if he knew anything and try to practice it, they would throw his ass in jail, pretty much guaranteed. So and this is where we're at.

Just like, you know, I don't know if the 35 year old still lived at home and was married and had the baby, maybe. I don't know. You see how everything's tied together? Yeah. 

You might have a couple of people who have already been through the experience of raising child children around them that might know a few things that go, look, just do this and it'll be fine. Yeah. Here's the thing.

There's many signals like we know when you eat and get flatulence or you burp. Yeah. Right. 

That's the that's the body. Body's very intelligent, has its own intelligence. It's like, hey, whatever you just did, don't do it again.

Right, because it's not it doesn't work with our the system that we have very lightly, mildly. That would be flatulence and abrupt. The next level is mucus.

People eat something that made me really mukey, right? Because I got mucus, that congestion from eating that. The next level from that is a skin manifestation. Mm hmm. 

And the next level from that is a blood manifestation. The next level from that is to block where the blood manifestation is in that part of the body. And how do we block it with a tumor or very swollen, soft tissue? So tell me, you know, what's the cure for cancer? Be thankful that you.

Well, if you didn't have cancer, you would die in your sleep. And I give you an example, places like Mexico, Indonesia, whatever. You know, there's plenty of people go to bed and wake up dead.

Right. In other words, they wake up and they're dead. Right. 

In bed of all ages. Right. Well, that's because their body did not produce a cancer.

In other words, whatever was going on was allowed to happen. And it ended. It terminated the vacuum overnight while they were sleeping.

Right. The people that get the tumors and the cancers and stuff, the body's like, no, I want to live. We're going to put up roadblocks. 

Right. OK. So all right, this is the complete opposite.

We got to fight cancer. Yeah, sure. We got to fight roadblocks.

We have to fight directing traffic. Now, it's very sure it's very difficult to understand sometimes, though, because because of the long term programming previously, because they probably thought it was a bad thing to not be living with their parents at 35. You see how it all ties together.

And they probably met their girlfriend or wife at a laundromat. But anyway, yeah, it would be so. Look, I got it.

I got a closer on this one, which I thought would be entertaining. And they want both of us to answer this. But I definitely want you to go first.

What was the most ridiculous thing you saw during the pandemic? My favorite is big guys, grown up men in their 40s wearing a face diaper while driving alone in their cars. What is your personal favorites? They want it from both of us. So for me, it would be that the Treasury and the Federal Reserve chairman announced the restrictions and no one made no one reported it.

No one made a big deal about it. No one said, why is this being announced by the Federal Reserve chairman and the treasurer? That was the most ridiculous thing that no one reported on it. Well, we all are monetized things out there being traded, aren't we? According to our serial numbers, yes, can be if you let it.

OK, there you go. Well, look, my favorite ridiculous thing was this. I went to and I and I'd love for you to comment on this.

I went to a store totally oblivious because I'm in Georgia. And you know what? We weren't exactly the most, you know, worried about the pandemic issue here, as most places it appeared. And mindlessly, I went down to a store with my with my.

Well, with the boy and neither one of us had a mask on. We didn't expect to encounter mess. I gave it no thought.

It wasn't like I was resistant or anything else. I just didn't think of it. Yeah, I was casual about it.

And I went down there to go into a store and I'm standing on line and I did not realize that people were looking at me funny. And then I turned around to address somebody and they jumped out of the way like it was a freaking I don't know, like a circus move or a WWF move trying to avoid getting kicked in the face when I turned around to say something to somebody and immediately it snapped to me. Holy crap.

There are some people around me that actually believe in this whole masking issue. And yeah, well, here's the thing that Barnum and Bailey said, a sucker's born every minute and you could never lose money by underestimating the intelligence of the American public. But it's also worldwide.

Some places worse than others. But the thing is, the first thing when they said they're doing a pandemic, I said, we still have running water and running sewer. Why is there there? Can't you cannot have a pandemic with running water, clean running water and sewage and garbage removal? It's impossible, literally impossible.

I would suggest the opposite. In other words, if the infrastructure went down and you had no more running water and the sewer wasn't working and you did have some water, but it was mixed with sewer water and the garbage wasn't collected, you're going to have a pandemic in about a month. So the next moon, in other words, it'll start right before the full moon.

I'll even give you the time. So you see how it works.