Rated Y, Sonic Event 229. Excuse me for the sound of my voice, it might sound strange, but here we are, it's shifting a bit. Anyway, Greek, how is the evening going where you are? It's all right.

Busy, man. Just doing consulting with engineering projects and same old, same old. You know what I say? Humans are, right? So, yeah, I hear that.

Anyway, you know, a weird thing happened today. Weird thing happened today when I was gathering up the questions and comments, a guy wrote to me and was asking what happened. Why is it like, in other words, I think they're still signed up for the old Greek speak thing.

And or maybe with Sam. Yeah. So I think with Sam.

Yeah. Well, that's an administrative thing that should have been worked out. I try to stay out of that.

Yeah. No. Well, I thought we had established and done everything, but it was weird because, you know, we did that about a year ago and it was like, yeah, yeah, there's I've gotten responses when I was doing this stuff with the paranormies.

He was signed up to both and he was wondering the same thing. So yeah, I stay away from it really. I mean, privately, I just sit back and watch for people that work with me and do stuff.

I just sit back and I'm like, why bother? But, you know, just keeping someone's benefiting from all this, I hope I know pretty much not a super fact, but most people that are subs and listen to me before did not know how the money system works, how the human body works, that what they think was in the Bible was never in the Bible or what's in the Bible they never heard of all these things. So I'm going to be continuously putting out that stuff and just doing it on like a platform like the Internet or whatever is more efficient. I've been doing this since the early 2000s on what was called conference calls.

You call like a one meet up by something I meet up some members one eight hundred number you get up to ninety nine people. Yeah. Well, and I was doing it there.

I think talks you right before talk show before just regular conference in the late 90s conference calls. You call this number and a whole bunch of people meet on a conference call. And then after that, when I moved to Tucson, it was pretty much like little law groups, retirement people like, you know, the one of those Knights of Pythias kind of thing.

They're looking for people to come and speak, you know, OK, like Ralph Epperson. Right. Right.

Ralph Epperson ran a publishing company and he asked me to go and speak all. And I've been saying the same stuff now for three decades. So, you know, whatever.

I want to bring something up since the last time we left off, it was like politicians, children and drug use and debauchery and all that stuff. Yeah. It's funny when you know about it secondhand.

I wasn't there. So I can't say firsthand from people that actually were there firsthand. And then you see what they put out on the media about it.

You're like, yeah, that's that's it. But it's actually a lot worse than what they're putting out in the media. And it's also very convoluted.

I think when I was bringing up the former vice president's son debauchery, I was working, I said, with a Korean businesswoman. She went to his house home somewhere in Florida. Yeah.

And he's basically just a little more. She basically told her, yeah, I'll talk about the business context, what we could do for everybody. Take your clothes off and get high first.

This is like a business meeting. Right. She's like, I'm married and I'm really not into getting high.

So I'm going to go outside for a little bit. You know, she took off. Right.

Right. This is with the Hunter Biden guy. And so this was back in 2015.

I think you and I were in touch or somehow I think I brought that up to you. I remember speaking to you about it. Yep.

And and then when you see the thing about the light, you mentioned a laptop. I don't even know what the laptop meant or anything like that, because what they do is they put a curve on it. Like, for example, now with the Epstein stuff, Epstein was just a broker.

One guy that is a fall guy for a broker. I'll give you another thing that I found out a while back. All of the attorney general's offices do what Epstein did.

Right. What does that mean? What they do is they they have people that are predators and they go out to places like Disneyland, Coney Island, public beaches. So you're going to have all up and down the East Coast, West Coast, inland.

It would be places that have water parks, Chicago, stuff like that. And they take photographs of children that might their their clients might be interested in. And also they follow the children to their family and they get a picture of the license plate. 

Sometimes they even follow home and get the address where the children live. And they have like a photo album. And when their clients are interested in the child, now they circle back and they have the license plate and the address and they go to the attorney general's office to get the rest of the details.

Just like that. Right. See. 

So this is like, well, you know, I mean, so when you hear on the news, attorney general, they caught these criminals and put them behind bars. It's so convoluted. The world is so dirty.

I'm always going to go back to say what I always said was you can go online and look at the weirdest, craziest conspiracy theories. I'm telling you, if you sum up what's really going on, it's even worse than all the stuff you hear online. So, yeah, well, yeah, pretty much.

That's what you'll if you dig around. And I don't know why I've been made aware of all these things. Like sometimes someone would start speaking on something.

You know, the attorney general is really dirty because I'm like, why are you bringing that up? I really don't care. I know they're great, but they give me all the details and I'm like, holy shit. OK, well, what am I going to do with that information? Right. 

Well, here we go. I can convey it to 10 other people that are listening or whatever. The other thing that was very open that some people remember that guy, Jared of Subway Sandwiches, I think they did lock him up for pedophilia or something.

Right. Yeah. Well, kiddie board.

Well, that's the small part of it. The big part of it was whenever he would be involved in like marketing meetings, they would go and sit down and like the board table. And before the meeting ever started, this happened more than once.

He would stand up or ask people around him, do you want a place where I could find some young boys or young children to have sex with around here? And that would be like, whoa, you know, what the hell? You know, so, so many he asked that to so many people that they couldn't just like tell him to shut up and slap on the wrist. They just nailed him right for whatever. So and I knew that information before he was locked up for all that.

That's why when I mentioned this to someone, they said, oh, yeah, he's locked up for child porn. I was like, really? I didn't even know that. You know, most people find out about what the media put forward first, you know, where by the way, if you were going around 10 years ago saying the Hunter Biden guy to go to him for influential business meetings and tell you to take your clothes off and get high with him, you're crazy, right? So you don't really openly speak on these things, you know, too much.

Oh, I know. I got in trouble for the drug thing because I tried to explain to people when you see those big drug busts, those are intentional. They let them catch that.

And how do I know that? Of course, from DEA agents who say, yeah, that's the one they let us catch. You know, there's 100 of them, but they let us have that one. So we look like we're doing our job.

You know, that's that's what it is. I was just going to pull a name thing. I'm not going to mention his name.

He's a witness protection program official for the DEA. I won't pull his name, but I'll give a little background. He was a State Department of Mexico sniper, like their best guy.

And he started going around to State Department parties and hitting on the other dignitaries wives when he was younger. And they didn't like that. So let's get rid of this guy.

All we got to do is tell the Americans we got the best sniper in this side of the hemisphere and they should have him. And they told the American DEA that and and State Department actually. And they came and kidnapped him from Mexico.

The way they did that, he was very close with his sister. They sent a bunch of guys in to his sister's house like she was going to get accosted or molested. She got on the phone screaming, you know, I need your help.

And he ran out, ran over there into a trap. They handcuffed him in a blindfold and put a bag over his head and helicopter flew him somewhere in Texas. That is funny because he was an all tile room.

It was just like the Matrix. And he says, I need to speak to an attorney. And he says, you see a phone in here, asshole.

That's what they told him. So when I saw the Matrix, I was like, oh, this is kind of like a connection to the Matrix. But make a long story shorter.

He's like, hey, I know you know about money or whatever. You know, they have a pallet, a few billion dollars for me. Of cash in Brazil in a warehouse.

The only and it's got my name on it. But the only caveat, the only conditions are that I can't leave. It can't leave the building.

So what do we do? And I was like, well, if it's cash, it has to leave the building. That's the purpose of cash. Cash is no good when it's in a pallet or under your bed or whatever.

Right, right. And I said, how would that why would they give you, you know, a million dollars and hundred dollar bills is like the size of back in the days when you got business cards, remember the business cards when you ordered the thousand pack? Right. Not the 500.

Right. That's what a million dollars in cash feels like in hundreds. And how do I know? Okay.

So I said, God damn it. You know, how do you get so much? Are you kidding? The DEA is the biggest drug dealer in the world. This is from a DEA person, right? Yeah.

And I can keep on going. I've on private Skype groups. I gave stories in his name and all that.

I mean, it's just not stories. These accounts. Yeah.

It's not too far from stuff you see in the movies, actually. But the movies actually are mild. Yeah.

It's actually quite mild. Sounds very much like a guy I met in the 90s named Carlos, but we'll leave it at that. Tell me.

Yeah. But here's the thing. Yeah.

When you but here's the thing. When you do a movie, it has to make sense to the audience. Stuff I've experienced didn't make any sense at all.

You see. So it has to make. That's why these movies sometimes you.

I don't know. Would you. Who would you say is makes movies that are kind of eclectic? Who's the guy that did Snatch and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels? British guy.

You know what I'm talking about, right? Geez, I should just look it up. Who is it? Who is Snatch and Lock, Stock, Smoking Barrels? Oh, Brad Pitt. No, no, no.

The direct. The guy who did the film. Guy Ritchie.

Guy Ritchie. There you go. It's more like a Guy Ritchie film or Quentin Tarantino.

But even there, they let you tie things together. But, yeah, it's bizarre. And yeah.

Anyway, let's let's get off of that. I just wanted to let people know these are the reason I'm saying this stuff is because when you do your whatever, whatever media collection and entertainment or whatever, keep in the back of your mind that things are. Yeah, it is like that.

And much worse and much more elaborate. Right. So.

OK, so there was a response from the last Sonic where you were asked about German medicine, new German medicine. And he said it's good for analyzing potential emotional root causes for manifested physical conditions. It doesn't seem like a good catch, although is how he put it.

Easy. That's that. We already have that.

If you there's something called the Mase John Mase method where your mind, your mind associates all memories traumatic or not with images. Right. So imagine you had a photo album.

That's all. There's no audio. There's no you have to recall the image before you recall the audio and the feeling and the smells.

You know, we talked about how smells can bring you back and all that. So the image is the first thing that has to be recollected. So you basically and you don't have to do any association with these psychiatrists, psychologists or who is it? Samuel Goldin of Goldenmeier Films.

Twenty said anyone who wants to see a psychologist or a psychologist should have their head examined. But yeah, so it's all imagery. So that image, if you have a trauma, you never share it with anyone.

What you do is you expand that image. You can't do this alone. That's a weird thing.

You have to be coached through it. But you never tell the person what the trauma is, who's coaching you, walking you through it. It's interesting how it's like a bilateral thing.

You expand the image so it can't get any bigger. And then you shrink it till it can't get any smaller. And it disappears.

And it's a cure all for for anything, even if someone's too happy. So the physical attachment comes in where if you have very trauma, especially if you're going to one of these demons known as psychologists or psychiatrists, they're there to adjust you. So you fit into the system, by the way, just like doctors are there to suppress the symptoms.

They even tell you this will reduce your symptoms. Right. Right. 

It doesn't treat the cause. So your symptoms are that you're you're not adjusting to a system that's really fucked up. Right. 

So they try to find out why you're not adjusting to a fucked up system. But what happens is when you do have the trauma in your mind, your body, your mind starts to change its identity to become relevant to that hidden trauma, to that thing that you're carrying around. Your identity will change the way you relate to other people, the way you relate to every aspect of your life, including what you consider to be personal.

Time will change after that. So when you your identity starts to change, your emotions start to change, your physical actions start to change. You're going to definitely manifest ailments.

Well, the emotional side to ailment is also very external because we're subject to induction. For example, when you go into a hot tub, bathtub to take a bath, even a shower or in a pool, you know, say no peeing in the pool. Well, you cover all of your skin with water.

There is enough induction to create new water inside your body and then displace that older water at the at the bladder. Now, the water doesn't run to the bladder. It's energized and energized, materialized in the bladder.

Remember, when I say induction, it's like the food replicator in Star Trek. One thing moves to anything can move from any side of the body to out of the body by just replicating itself in the particular location. You start replicating things in the body or whatever by induction, which is it could be fields around you, other people.

This is how diseases are caused. You know, you don't it's it's almost impossible to contract disease by breathing airborne. It has to be through induction.

There have been many enough tests that have been publicized. Good luck finding them now where they would people with advanced tuberculosis or whatever classic diseases, smallpox were injected. Blood was drawn and then injected into healthy subjects and they never came down with it.

So it's not a physical thing, disease or nutrition or. So the disease is really not physical. So saying there is a way to figure it out through the emotion is spot on.

But do they know what they're talking about? Now, I'm going to venture to say they don't. They don't know. I bet most of those people in that unless they prove otherwise believe in, quote, unquote, what is it? Microbiology theories like virus theory, transmutation of transmittal of disease by microorganisms and absorption of nutrition in the body.

I don't think they understand the human body. If they did, their research would go through the roof. I mean, they would be a thousand years ahead of the current state.

So I don't know. Interesting. I hope they don't.

Interesting thought, though, is that, you know, you're saying you can't breathe in the disease, quote, unquote. But if you breathe in particles, they could then through induction create something in the body. If they're in there, in there or no, if you can induce it.

Yeah, exactly. Well, it's just like radiation. You could be subjected to a lot of radiation and you'll get a sunburn or whatever.

But if you if you inhale like 9-11, people around 9-11 or the or several places through the like, the other one was Oklahoma City. A lot of people die from radiological diseases or the burn. If you breathe in the dust, the burn pit syndrome in the Middle East, when they the soldiers came back with the exotic.

Yeah, that also. Right. OK.

Yeah. If you breathe in these particles and they're constantly ionizing like tiny little x-ray machines in your lungs, that will cause disease. Yeah. 

So if you have, let's say, if you inhale something that's airborne and it gets into your body, that's not enough. It has to create induction in the body. Right.

Because the lungs are completely sealed, by the way. Nothing ever goes through the lungs. As a matter of fact, they collapse.

If that happens, if the tissue gets so thin that it can't support the lungs will collapse. But anyway, there is no by the way, in the lungs, there is no you breathe in oxygen and give off CO2. That is the dumbest thing you can ever say.

Once you understand the lungs are completely sealed or nitrogen breathers. I know I've gone into this before, not oxygen breathers, but we do require a certain content of oxygen. Right. 

So, yeah, it's kind of like saltwater fish or salt swimmers. No, they're water swimmers. They just happen to be in saltwater.

We're nitrogen breathers and we just so happen to need oxygen in that nitrogen. You see, this is not how it works. And by the way, whenever you see these old people or even younger people on pure oxygen, you're walking around with that tank.

I usually tell them you're going to die of pneumonia in six months if you keep that up. And they always do if they keep it up. Right.

So too much oxygen. Yeah. What else? OK, well, it creates oxygen is gravity moves downward and hydrogen is heavenly.

It goes upward. Anything that is affected by oxygen goes to the earth. What do you what if I said this guy's going to the earth pretty soon? Do I have to keep explaining what that means? Right.

If you're going to the earth, most culture would take anything. Yeah, you take that as being dead. Yeah. 

So the oxygen is earthbound gravity. So take a piece of shiny iron, oxygenate it. What happens to the rust flakes? They fall down. 

Anything you oxygenate, you notice develops an oxygenation reaction, goes down, falls to the ground. Hydrogen, on the other hand, goes upward. Right.

That's that's how I was explaining an agricultural meeting recently. When you go pick an orange off of a fruit tree, you notice all that water and juice. These these morons believe that the water is drawn up through the roots, through the trunk of the tree, down the branch into the orange.

That's not what's happening at all. Anyone. And I like to keep keep it practical.

I tell people you ever cut a tree down, you ever cut some fresh wood. Does it ever look like any water can travel through that with any efficacy at all to fill that orange? Never. It's that orange produces its own water.

It's all energetic and the roots are hydrophobic. If you remove those live roots off the tree and rinse them off real good, let them dry a little bit and then spray them with a water bottle. Mr. You'll notice the water beads up. 

Yeah. On the roots, just like a freshly polished car hood with wax. That's hydrophobic. 

Yeah. So if they did any absorption, it would be more like akin to holding up a dry piece of cotton and misting it with water. What happens? It soaks right in. 

Right. So or microfiber, there is absolutely no absorption in the roots. It's serology. 

You could look it up and they show you the cells. They are so tightly packed and hydrophobic. I had a medical person email me about investigating intestine, stomach and GI tract.

This is Greek. There's no way that could be absorbed. As a matter of fact, it is hydrophobic.

Like you said, I was like, well, thank you. Thanks for checking, checking it out. So anyway. 

Anyway. So slightly different subject. Would love to know more about how to stop income tax being withheld.

Also, is there a process to recoup taxes already paid? Yes. Yes. They don't like to do that because, OK, I can give the codes.

Actually, see if I could go find them. I'll go to the laptop. I might even switch over audio if we're going to be on longer because the echo is really severe.

Like I'm hearing you speak twice. So I have to filter it out. Sorry about that.

The purpose of taxation as it's an oxymoron, just like you're always going to be a taxpayer because they set up the all caps name, not you. They could because they created your legal status, your legal position, which you can't get out of. The only way to get out of it is stop using it. 

They could call it whatever. So you're a taxpayer. That's just a name. 

It's like calling you. I don't know, a red ball player or whatever. It doesn't matter. 

But the overall purpose of taxation where people have to participate, by the way, it is voluntary. Every time they give a C-SPAN is good for looking this up, believe it or not, on YouTube. Every time a new IRS commissioner is commissioned within the first minute of his new commission acceptance speech, he says, we have a voluntary system.

Otherwise it won't work. But most people get in trouble. So they don't know how they get in trouble and how everyone says it's mandatory.

The purpose of taxation all around is very simple. It's to take your time away because they know you're working for it. If you work for seashells, they would take seashells. 

If you work for frog skins, they would take that. Right. They take the reason they're taking your labor and your time is because this thing called education with a capital C education, because all of it is about reading and comprehending what you're reading and actually committing yourself to read.

If you educated yourself on how the system works, the level of voluntary participation, which most people think is involuntary, would be very, very low. It would be so low that would be your you would have much more free energy and all that meaning of your own time. That's the first reason they do it. 

The second reason, the second thing about recouping that then you have to be like expert level on all this. So a basic novice, that's just, you know, if you might succeed, you will succeed if you keep it simple. Having withholdings. 

It's very simple. You will succeed with all that. But recovering that you would have to be much more advanced at that because it requires then shifting things around.

There's something called the palms manual, P.O.M.S., the public whatever, whatever it's the P.O.M.S. It's online, but the one that's online is very heavily abridged. That is the manual that the Social Security Administration uses to give out so-called benefits. Right in there, they tell you the right way to get benefits is to put the all caps name, the beneficiary into a trust.

And then that trust has is managed and administered. And all of the fees of administrating the trust and property is sent to the IRS. So then so let's say if you were to get a professional trust manager, they charge like 250 an hour, 250 an hour, usually between four, between, let's say, 250 and 450 an hour.

Yes. OK. And so let's say you're doing that 10 hours a week.

That's forty five hundred a week times 50 weeks. You get into a quarter of a million. So that's how you recover it.

But to recover it directly is is refi. You have to do what's called an amended return. Right now.

Now it's a full time job. And heart boat heart like the heart and then boat B.O.A.T. on YouTube. A little convoluted, but you'll hear some testimonials.

And it's a full time job to do this. But let's see. I'll go into the office here and I'll bring up the code for a very simple statement.

And there's two ways. There's several ways to deal with withholding. The easiest one is the David Merrill go to savings to suitors forum and look around there.

That's where you do a conditional endorsement on all your financial instruments. And if taxes taken out, it's refunded plus five percent. That's where you make a demand for lawful money. 

Twelve USC for 11. That's all you have to do on the back of all your written instruments. And you have to have a written check. 

I believe that if they do direct deposit, just go do a screenshot of it. Make a print print copy of it and write that on the screenshot and predate it. So if you do is let's say it's April 1st transfer.

You go ahead and do a screenshot, hit print on your printer and then put March 31st on it that you made the demand. Right. OK, let's see if I can find that channel for testimonials again, though, because you broke up a little bit during it was a hard boat or something like that.

Yeah. Heartboat was the YouTube channel. Heartboat. 

OK. Yeah. It's recoupers. 

Recoupers is the group. They're on Telegram. Talk about a convoluted mess.

People keep saying get on Telegram. You have to do it on your phone first and then they send you an email and then you can go to some site and then go to their site on the computer. I was like, you know what? I'm not making time for that. 

Sorry. I have plenty. Everyone people say I don't have enough time. 

All you have is time. That's all you have. You have time in a naked body. 

That's all you have. And that you hopefully are clothed occasionally. And that's all you have.

Some people say I don't have time. We're not paying attention. But things do you want to invest your time into that? Right.

The answer for me would be no. So let's see if I can find. Besides, if you really want to social media outlet, there's a lot easier things to sign up for that take no time.

So, you know. Yeah. Yeah. 

So the easiest thing, by the way, also put in on YouTube 1913 Federal Reserve remedy. David Merrill, you'll get a 30 minute video that was done 15 years ago. He goes over it like on a 20th grade level. 

20th grade level is like fifth year in college. Right. Sixth year in college. 

But it's normal. It would be normally, you know, what people how people used to converse, let's say, 100 years ago. He uses big words. 

Right. So, yeah, that would be another place to start. Any time we see if I think I bookmarked, I think it's on another laptop.

But let's say I'll bring it up in the car. What anything else in the meantime? I have a very long comment that I thought was very solid. And I wanted to run it by you, but I don't know if you can put up with my echo.

Oh, yeah. The echo is pretty. OK.

So all medical theories, whether conventional or, quote, alternative and quote past or current are based on the concept that disease are, quote, malfunctions and quote of the organism. Dr. Hamer's H.A.M.E.R. discovery show, however, that nothing in nature is, quote, diseased and quote, but always biologically meaningful. According to the five biological laws, diseases are not malignancies, as claimed by conventional medicine, but are instead age old biological special programs of nature.

Biological special programs of nature is, in quotes, created for our survival. The five biological laws are in perfect harmony with spiritual laws. Because of this truth, the Spanish call the new medicine La Messina Sagrada.

Yeah, La Messina Sagrada, the sacred medicine. OK, I thought that was a good comment. That's pretty good, right? Yeah, yeah. 

The whole idea. Let's go back to the. Everybody knows enough about cars. 

You're driving down the road, reciprocating engine water cooled. Your water pump stops working. Now your engine doesn't cool down.

The engine burns up and seizes. The pistons get so hot that they actually bind themselves to the engine block. Right. 

So someone, the current disease theory would be like, oh, the problem is we is the piston getting stuck to the engine block or the metal melted. Right. No. 

Well, it all started because a water pump wasn't working. Right. So the water pump led to the engine seizing. 

You've heard that before. It's very common. It used to be common. 

I've heard a lot. And that's just because you didn't have cooling. It led all the way to these other disasters.

So the body is very much like that, but it's also too much energy, not enough energy. But, you know, you know, I'll just reiterate something during covid. People have I walked into a place called Sprouts and this was like two months into the mask mania.

And I'm going to go in without a mask. And I just march in like, you know, and I'm halfway into the store. And a guy comes up, says, you have to have a mask on. 

I said, well, I don't have an immune system. Is that a big issue? Is that like a vegan? Is that like a vegan focused grocery store? Sprouts or not? You know, it's like a dish. It's like a discount version of Whole Foods.

Oh, OK. It used to be called it used to be called Sunflower Market. And yeah, it was it's weird. 

This did some weird stuff to the guy who originally owned it. But it's California, Colorado and Arizona. OK, it's like imagine Whole Foods been to a Whole Foods, but discounted. 

Right. Pretty thankful. Right. 

Yeah, that's pretty good. So so I told him anyway, I don't have an immune system. And he took that as I don't need a mask now.

And I would have taken a hundred lie to test detector tests and put my hand on a stack of Bibles. And it would show that I'm not lying. Right. 

Right. Because I don't have an immune system. As a matter of fact, no one does. 

There's no such thing. But anyway, what was cool about it? Everyone's all masked up and I'm walking through and he's walking me down the aisles, tell people ahead of me to move away. And he's asking, what are you here to get today? I want this. 

So he would walk me right to the office. He's like assistant manager. Right. 

He knows everything. Help me do my shopping. He he stopped the line for the cash register. 

No more people go to the other register. And he had me give it was like, oh, my gosh, I got first class treatment, got out of it. Thank you for coming in. 

Right now, most people can't say that confident. OK, so if you have an immune system, what's the organ for the immune system? Huh? What? Yeah, I thought so. There isn't. 

So explain what the immune system does. Well, you see, Greek, it has antibodies and it captures things that are nasty toxins, viruses, stuff, and then eliminates them from the body. Ah, sounds like.

So it's basically the elimination system. So elimination system. We've got kidneys, bladder, liver, large intestine. 

Yeah. So we do have organs for the elimination system, don't we? We do. Ah. 

So now. So now immune system equals elimination system. How is your elimination system working? Like Linda works with people, you know, by appointment and stuff. 

And, you know, they have a lot of chat to chat times. And she says a lot of people she talks to when you get health stuff. Yes. 

How often do you pass a bowel movement? Some of them are like once a week, twice a week. Can you imagine all that stuff in there was you hear like John Wayne and Elvis Presley? He had like 30 pounds of undigested meat in his intestines. Remember that? That was I don't know why they put it out there. 

Yeah. So we're reading about that or hearing it. Yeah.

Yeah. Because the the but the opioids that they give them arrest the digestion. So neurotoxins and food will do that. 

So if you're not eliminating, isn't it the same as not taking the garbage out to the curb for a long time? Right. What's the difference? Right. You're going to a really gross house.

Let's get all the garbage out of here first. Right. OK.

So you're rotting. And then, of course, combine that with poor nutrition coming in in great quantities, really using the wrong type of gas in the engine and filling up the tank with the wrong type of fuel. Right. 

Imagine. Yes. So this is where this is the rot and ignorance and destruction of your society is.

Yeah. And the people that are the medical people, most of them don't know it because they're they're not bad people, but they're not good people either. That's for sure. 

For sure. I can't tell you for sure all the people in the medical industry are bad, but I can tell you for sure, for sure, for sure. They're not good people.

And so somewhere else, the people that are running them even don't know the stuff we discuss here. It's the people above them and the people above them. And then ultimately you go to the people that are running it are not really human at all.

All right. Like, again, I've mentioned there's no species in the universe. Let's say in the in the realm, even on Earth, that will create a long term demise for its own species.

Can you think of one? You might hear about like a spider eating. It's that's what the black widow eats her mate. Right. 

Right. Or whatever. And you have certain animals that eat their young and whatever.

Or eat the mom or other ones. I think when there's some spiders. Yeah. 

There's a couple of them. They eat the mother. There's a couple of them that, you know, do a territorial.

Yeah. They do a territorial thing, though, where it's like there's too many males. So they fight with each other and kill each other a bit to thin out the herd.

You can have a species wide. But what's going on? In other words, with the delusion. Right.

So at least with those guys, the animals, you know, there's no delusion. It's well known that they do that. Right. 

Yeah. But the humans are so delusional that they're going to these, quote unquote, professionals for help. I had a legal discussion today with someone that didn't want to identify themselves as an attorney and talk about every time I have a discussion with a medical person or an attorney, it just.

Do you remember when you were young and you knew a sidewalk was poured and you go put your name on it? Right. Yeah. Or scratch into it or whatever. 

You know, it hardens that. It's like every time when I speak about how horrible the legal financial medical stuff is, whenever I speak to one of these people that work in it, it helps harden that concrete. It makes the stuff that I'm saying seem even harder, more true, not more true, but harder and harder.

Like like sometimes like maybe I mean too harsh on these guys. And I get a refresher every so often that this is definitely how it is. And they're just helping me. 

What would you call solidify the fact, you know? So it's sort of that whole, you know, when people show you who they are the first time, you know, pay attention because it doesn't get any better. You know, it's that concept. It's, you know, if you're right the first time, you're going to be right the last time, too.

Anyway. Well, yeah, that's that's where the thing says you don't have to say you're sorry. Like very often with people know me for a long time.

I've never said anything to anyone that I would take back and say, I'm sorry. I might maybe now modify the way I said it. Right. 

The way I delivered it, maybe. But what I said, no, that still stands. You have to be very careful about what you say.

And then, of course, there's stuff like when you find a historical thing that you might have espoused as it was incorrect. And it shouldn't be a surprise, by the way. Then you go back and change and say, I was wrong about that.

Right. But it's still it's not taking it back or saying, you know, what do we say? Say you're sorry. You know, no. 

Everything I've ever said, even when I've called people idiots or dumb or whatever. Yes. It took a lot to get me to that point.

And, you know, it was well, it was may not have been well taken, but it was well-deserved. Right. Anyway, what else? All I've ever had to do is modify a position on a historical thing.

You know, I discuss that kind of stuff all the time. And it's like, well, because of this new information. Yes. 

There's more proof of this and that. And, OK, I have to adjust a bit, but it's never like I don't make sweet. And it was objective anyway. 

You couldn't you know, you did the best you could at the time. So always do the best you can. And here's the other kicker is that I've been saying the same stuff about the medical stuff since the 80s.

In the 80s, 40 years ago, I said, all they do want to do is cut. They're going to give you a diagnosis, then which is presumption. And then they're either going to cut on you, burn on you or poison you. 

So take your pick. You know, what's funny is there were TV characters in the 80s that pretty much were echoing what you were saying, but they were usually portrayed as the, you know, belligerent nut job who just didn't want to fight with, you know, the good medicine. And but they were saying the same exact thing.

It's just that they were then characterized as that's the resistant idiot who's going to get himself killed because he's not listening to us. And I take note of that. There was a representative character now and then it was usually an older guy, you know, and most times they would just, you know, act like, oh, well, he was just old and ill informed, you know.

But it turns out he was right. Anyways, well, the 80s was a good was 40 years ago. I wouldn't go back there, but I'm glad I was there.

Exactly. So here's something else about the body. If our bodies are electrical, what is the effect of rhythmic breathing? Question mark.

Would that be something like electrically recharging the body, increasing the voltage? Mark. OK, no, it would it would increase the processes. Right. 

Because when you breathe faster, other things follow through. Right. A whole bunch of other things from that metabolic.

That's why you have aerobic exercise and anaerobic where you can't get enough air. Right. The electrical part is a substrate. 

Don't really be concerned too much about that. That takes care of itself. It's kind of like your car needs work, but you're always just looking at the battery fluid and the battery is charged enough.

That's OK. That's fine. And then go to the next thing.

It's all these other things that are putting a drain on the battery or not allowing it to recharge. Right. And electricity is a very, very, very touchy subject because it is not any electricity like you'd find in a battery cell of any type or coming out of a wall or whatever it is.

All electricity is it's an expression of the ether and how it's being pressurized. You know, most electricity, except for the chemical electricity from a battery, is magnetically pressurized. And believe it or not, the one even that is batteries are designed for tend to be magnetically pressurized also, but not like, you know, a rotating stator like you see on a generator.

So the more chemical cells, batteries are more realistic to live, you know, what a body is, but not really again. Right. So it's a complex subject that if I I'm going to be going that that road.

Actually, I had a conversation with someone today. There's an energy device that's being used on large groups of people for good, by the way. There's a company that is making like if you're going to have a big venue, a rave or whatever.

Right. They set up these devices. At least I didn't say scale or neither did they.

So good because scalar is an oxymoron when it's used to with waves and stuff. And he says that it gives you a feel good feeling. And they want me to look at the circuit and transducers.

And I said, I'll be glad to look at that shit. Who doesn't want to feel good by just plugging something into a wall? Right. Other than you know what? So I hear you.

OK. Also, this is a follow up from another sub subscriber, that is. And also on the body, electric can Greek comment on the effect of the emo on our organs.

And if there is any electrical charge that happens between people in conflict that can harm us. That's a good question. The emo is created by the the organs, by the way, that they would be part of the generator.

Because remember, when you set up your body to do the emo, you can just think a thought. It has to trigger that feeling also like the giving feeling. I say gesture a hug.

And when you feel that feeling that you do when you're giving a hug, now you're ready to give the giving. Right. And all that. 

So you have to get the body into that feeling. And that's generated by the organs. And I know that when people are missing organs, you still have a phantom effect from it.

You know, but yeah, that's a good question. The organs, if you look at them, you know, they're very discernible. The kidney cells are very different from any other organ.

And liver cells are different from so on and so forth. It's almost as if a group of aliens got together to cooperate, to work inside of you. That's how strange they are. 

Right. So but the charging and all that, the Tai Chi, Qigong fighting method, which is there is no way of doing it. There is no it's not like practice this like a Kido or Tai or karate.

The Qigong is to borrow as much energy as you need to focus where you need it. So, for example, if you're in a conflict, an armed conflict, a physical conflict with someone and there's people watching, you draw the energy from all the people watching around you to yourself and then focus it out towards what you want to focus on doing. Right. 

Right. We're not on YouTube, so I could say. So if you want to knock the guy down, you're going to have to go after his legs.

It's a lot easier to knock someone down by attacking below the knees than hitting him on the shoulder. Hitting someone on the shoulder is not going to knock him down. Hitting them below the knees will.

So you start portioning off where you're going to send that energy. Now, let's say you're alone with someone and you want to you're on the defensive or the offensive and there's no people around to take energy from. You take it from the tree. 

Right. You can take and say there's no trees and there's parked cars. You take it from the car engine, the residual field of energy that was around the car engine.

And when you're training for Qi Gong and Tai Chi, you train yourself to draw energy off of your surroundings and then focus it. Isn't there an X-Men that does that? No. X-Men seem to be autonomously powered, aren't they? Well, no, there is. 

There is an X-Men. Magneto? He draws from his environment? He draws. He can manipulate metal. 

So metal is something that he can just choose to move and pressurize. But there are others. There's a big, wide range of them.

So there are others that actually draw in all of the stuff. There's ones that draw from the ether. There's ones that draw from other X-Men.

There's ones that draw, you know, like the one guy can draw from everybody's mind. It depends. They all have different sources, actually.

They're conduits of all sorts. So this ties in with the emo, ties in with the... everything is tied in. That's the whole thing about Qi Gong, Qi Gong Tai Chi.

I think Bruce Lee in his final days was talking about it, but he couldn't really put much forward because there's nothing to put forward. Everyone does it differently when you get into Qi Gong. Now in the secret schools, which you will be... If you've learned what they teach in the secret schools and you start teaching it without permission, you will be taken out.

They will send an assassin after you. They could probably even do it remotely. Actually, some of the things they do teach in the secret schools is to do it remotely.

I've been accused of teaching stuff in the secret schools, and I never was in the secret schools, so I guess I'm okay. Yeah, it's funny you bring up Bruce Lee because toward the end of his life, one of the things he was talking about is how energy is extended beyond your hand. It's not necessarily your fist making contact and stuff like... He was trying to explain that to people, that there is... It's rivers of energy. 

You want to tap into a river of it, yeah. And then there's... to get more... I dare say I'm going to do a webinar on Qi Gong and how to... I haven't... I have so many things to talk about. But I think we do well here on the Sonics.

But that's a whole discussion because it's so subtle. And when you realize... well, it's like the weather stuff. How are you going to... the weather stuff is a Qi Gong thing.

You have this hollow pipe that's grounded. How does it affect thousands of square miles of atmosphere, right? It behooves anyone to think about, but you know it works. It's scientifically proven, you know, on your own.

You can't go to these scientists, you know. The real scientists are the ones... The real scientists that are employed are the ones with sledgehammers to go around and destroy what doesn't conform to their bullshit, right? Right. But the Tai Chi Qi Gong, that's a very, very personal thing.

All you could teach is the concept. There's no method to teach. The best thing about the way how you advance Qi Gong is by getting the people to understand what it is, giving them some hints on what you know, and then seeing what they come up with, and then add that to your toolbox.

So if you were doing Tai Chi or Qi Gong practice with 10 people, and you did it properly, you would have 10 different ways of doing something very soon, where initially you only had one, right? Yeah. And how are you going to teach this to a society that is designed to be enslaved in a school system that teaches you that you're worth nothing, and everything goes by the bell, and you're always looking for approval, and you're being degraded by being graded, right? Right. Remember we used to talk about that a lot? Absolutely.

You know, it's very much that Eastern concept of being a teacher and a student simultaneously, which people misunderstand because of poor translation, number one. But number two, they can't wrap their minds around that. If you're there to teach, you're there to teach.

If you're there to learn, you're there to learn. There's actually a process where that doesn't necessarily stand, that that's all you do. Well, here's the thing.

I got into education for a little while, and it's such an oxymoron because it's a severe oxymoron, because children, like it or not, let's say children in an open environment, right? You just go to a place, you drop children by themselves, nothing else. They are ready to soak up everything. They are learning machines.

They are learning machines from 3, 4, even 2 years old and on. I've seen 2-, 3-year-olds hang out with the 4-, 5-year-olds, 6-, 7-year-olds, and they're all into what you're doing, right? So they are learning machines more than anything else, right? And yet there's a problem on how to teach them? Come on, guys. The problem is how do you get them to all uniformly conform to a system that objectifies them into nothing, right, and has them always looking for approval? Well, if you think carefully about the stacking questions that are constantly brought up, right, the 2-year-old that keeps asking why, how, they're asking a profound thing, and they're connecting things together, and you're literally teaching, but what happens is the adult gets exhausted from answering.

Because that's what they do. They're like kittens and puppies. They're learning machines.

They want to get into everything. That's why with the animals here, whenever I bring something new, like I open a jar of something I haven't opened in a while, they're all like, what are you doing? And it's like they're afraid to come over. Is it dangerous? So what I do is I calmly show them very slowly and let them sniff it and look at it, and then they turn away.

They're like, oh, thanks for showing that. I never saw that before. Thanks a lot, like I tell Linda all the time.

These cats, they like to learn. So educate them, always educating them. Something new, whatever, you'll show them very calmly because if you don't present it to them, you notice how they take a cautionary stance when they're trying to figure out what it is.

It's like, yeah, let's just teach them. Just bring it right over and say, hey, this is what this is, and they're like, oh, cool, walk right away, just like children. Pretty much.

Children are learning machines. All they want to do is learn constantly, and it's such an oxymoron. Education is how do we teach children? What do you mean? You don't have to do anything.

You just have to accommodate their physical size. If you're working on something that's tall, you have to pick them up to see it. If something's too big and too heavy, don't let them carry it.

Just accommodate them in the slightest ways. It's incredible to me how they can say we have a problem in education with beings that all they want to do is be educated. That's all they do.

Yeah, and Tonya, it couldn't get any sicker than that. You know what I mean? Exactly. It's like how do we give water to thirsty people? All these people are so thirsty.

How are we going to get them to drink water? You don't have to do anything. Just present them with the water. Everything's already in place.

God damn it. They're really bad. Fair enough.

Really bad shape. Some episodes ago, O and G mentioned doing a home ec show. Excuse me.

The wife and I are eager to act on that info. We're up on universal principles for diet and lawful behavior and timekeeping. Broaching finances now, I guess, in more home ecs next.

Thanks for the efforts. Yeah. Okay.

Yeah, I'll bring up something on the home ec. I've noticed this because I've been moving stuff around, doing preparations and things. If you live in a tight space or not, I've found this with people who have property or an outdoor space, if you have these commercial cleaning chemicals or chemicals in the house, put them outside.

If you have any substances, chemicals, cleaning, or otherwise that that company is being traded on the stock market, just put it that way. It shouldn't be in your house. What I've been doing is you do, like, for example, here I have what I call the chemical.

Where's the polish for this? It's in the chemical cabinet. That's outside. And I could go out there and it'll be like car wax, detergents, laundry soap, all outside.

The importance of that is this. You ever walk down a supermarket aisle where the soaps are? If I blindfolded you and asked you to guess what aisle, where are you, you'd be able to guess right on, right? Oh, yeah. Because you smell bleach.

It's degassing. Yeah, you smell bleach and you smell all that stuff. Well, it's an all mixed together flavor montage.

You know it's chemical. So you're breathing this indoors. And what I used to do when I lived in Manhattan and New York, I had a milk crate with a cover on it and I would put it on the fire escape.

And sometimes you'd come back and the whole thing would be gone. That's when it was more of a rough neighborhood. But usually they respected stuff on the fire escape.

It was like an unwritten rule. You leave people's shit alone when it's on the fire escape. Or the landlord says you have to move that because the fire department is going to give me a fine.

Or you put it, if you have a walk up, you go all the way to the top where the exit is, you put it in a box up there. The other thing you could do is box it up and have a hose that vents it out near a window. But you don't want to vent it out in the window.

That's also going to suck the fresh air in. But putting chemicals and things outside, like I have a cabinet with various glues, like what they call crazy glue and other things like that. And now I put it in a mason jar, which has a seal on it.

And when I open it to get the crazy glue out, there is the strongest fumes of crazy glue. And that would have been leaking into your apartment or house. It probably makes a noise from the pressure release because it's been building up those fumes in there, right? Not that much.

No, it's just a very strong fume. It equalizes pressure. The noise would be, you'd have to make it really hot or really cold difference where the vacuum would build up on either side.

But what I'm saying is most of the problems, especially when they're building these ticky-tacky houses, these subdivisions, houses that were built after the 1960s or 70s, yes, it's that much of a problem. You must leave a window slightly open, even if you're in a cold place. As a matter of fact, these new homes, they make these special bathroom fans, these little fancy-using bathrooms that go up on the top floor, and they're designed to run 24-7.

And the reason they do that is so the inhabitants in these homes don't die because the homes are made of 20% formaldehyde, meaning all the particle board and composite boards are up to 20% formaldehyde. So embalming materials, very toxic ureas and things like that. So most of the elements you see in suburbia are because the houses are not ventilated.

Also, when the houses are shut down too tight, these super-insulated houses, you get these weird strains of mold that only grow in those conditions that you would find, like, growing in a cavern or something combined with the... So what I'm trying to say is fresh air exchange and things that are outgassing should be away from your living space. And I've been experimenting with that lately, like putting certain things with VOCs, volatile organic compounds, in mason jars and then opening them not much later, and you could see the fumes that come out of there. So you're actually toxifying yourself.

Now, fortunately, not enough people are dropping dead for them to do anything about it, but I think enough people are getting ill or toxified from it. But the home economic thing basically is to be clean in your home, and it doesn't mean using chemicals. Most white Americans think being clean is going and buying these chemicals with companies traded on the stock market, you know, that toxic stuff, synthetic.

No, it's water, use of water. Just most of the time, like, give you an example. When I mop here, I have all tile floor, all resilient floor, and stained concrete in the back bedrooms.

No carpeting. We have area rugs, but no carpeting. When I mop the floor, I use something called ship shape.

It's like a yellow powder, or I use a little bit of a dishwashing liquid. You could even use, like, a hair shampoo, by the way. You just need a little surfactant.

And when I mop, I do the soap once. The next time I mop, I just use plain water to get any residue that was up there. So every time I mop the floor, I only use a soap every other time.

How many times have you heard, especially in commercial floors, oh, we got to come in and strip these floors and repolish them, right, because they get soap buildup and wax buildup, right? I've noticed that most people, when they're clean, they use soap every time. Try to use it every other time. Believe it or not, if you have a clean enough diet, all you need is water to clean your clothes, unless you have grease and grime that the soap needs to release.

And I used to tell people, when you do your laundry, go ahead and do your laundry without any soap, and then open the wash and look inside and see how sudsy it is, even without the soap, right? So I only got two more pieces left here. Let's see. Is the weight loss jab phenomenon happening now, part of the setup for the, quote, perfect society, unquote, before the glitches, question mark? I see it as a poison being presented as a good thing, so a prank for sure.

What was the first part? That goes really intense. Go ahead. What was the first part of the question? Sorry.

Is the weight loss jab phenomenon happening now, part of the setup? I'm not aware of it. The weight loss phenomenon being recently, or since we first came out back in the 70s? No, no, no. This is new stuff where there's these injections like Ozempic and stuff like that.

Oh, my gosh. Well, thankfully, we'll put it this way. Thankfully, I don't think any humans are taking that next question.

Okay. In other words, you have to be so removed from your humanity to fall for something like that. I never want to even address it.

Okay. Fair enough. But it is rather commonplace among the masses, so to speak, just so you know.

It's a good, but not to discount the effort of the question. It's great. Thank you for asking, because I didn't know.

I mean, if you, yes, other people, look, there's even people that, men that want to be women and women that want to be men. I mean, you know how deranged that is? Yeah, but that's. You know, we're two different species.

But no matter what. That's like saying I want to be a dog. Yeah, but no matter what.

No matter how they try to amplify that, that's still a small number in the in, you know, among the masses. This is epic. Thing is large.

There are people even like creating compounding facilities to try and make the stuff cheaper and everything else, which the drug companies. Oh, yeah. I mean, it's it's a very large.

Most. Yeah. Unless.

Okay. There's two types of weight gain. One is because you're malnourished and the body's like we need to store up somehow because we're not getting any nourishment.

We're actually in a famine condition. So we need to store up. Okay.

Right. Because the food that's coming in has so little nutrition. And the other one is that you're eating food that is so rich in nutrition that you're getting fat.

Right. How do you discern the two? Very simple. Just ask them what they eat.

You're right. You know, I have pepperoni pizza and Diet Coke. Why am I gaining weight? Right.

So, yeah, that's well. So years ago, gaining weight was a sign of wealth. Right.

You know that. Right. Oh, yeah.

So everybody was skinny at a point. And they actually had, you know, look, she's a nice thick girl. Right.

Or a thick boy. They're very well taken care of. Yeah.

So they're well fed. They obviously have money. It's bizarre.

Yeah. No, definitely. But I'm just saying it's much like much like that trend you were thinking of with the diet pills and all that and the diet systems.

Yeah. This thing is new in that it's just an injection like there's nothing else. It's just inject yourself with this.

I get it. I get the injection part. I get it.

Fine. But let me just say it like this. Thankfully, there aren't any humans that have gotten it yet.

There you go. All right. So last one.

Last one. And this is quite a doozy. Greetings, Chuck.

In Greek. Can you please elaborate on how Christianity is satanic? Hmm. Adversarial to the scriptures.

Yes. Satan means adversary. Right.

So satanic would be your. See, Satan is very simple. It's when it should be black.

It tells you make it white. When it's to go up, it tells you make it down. It's not this Hollywood thing.

Right. Right. It's just adversarial.

So like, you know, you should be going to the right. He tells you to go to the left. Absolutely.

Satanic. And from that respect. Now, you can take that on a broad term where you have a character that brings other specific things like disease and whatever else like that.

You know, you could say that goes on there, too, because if you look at the Christians, they're tied in with the medical industry. Right. Very much.

Absolutely. And the political. Every time you go to church, they tell you, pay your taxes and go see the doctor.

So they're satanic for disease. Yeah, it's pretty satanic. All right.

And but the only thing is, I don't know. I would say that it has to do with that's what happens when you don't study and read. There's there's an emphasis on gaining knowledge in all the ancient writs.

Right. And one of the things, if you go to the biblical narrative, how many times does it say to gain knowledge and to study? I mean, I don't have a number on it, but it's dozens of times, if not 100 times at least. Right.

And what do the Christians do? They just told to believe. So it's definitely satanic adversarial to what you're supposed to be doing. For sure.

It's just a control mechanism. It's very cheap because anytime you want to control people, you want to before you set out on doing that, you want to figure out how much you have to invest into a control apparatus, don't you? Of course. So if you have something like Christianity, that's a marvelous control apparatus.

And guess what? How much do you have to invest in that? You tell the followers to pay for it to donate 10 percent or whatever. So you couldn't end it with a more perfect system. Yeah.

It's kind of like I was discussing some finance. You know, anyone who has a checking account, anyone who has a checking account, a regular one, is paying 100 percent bank fees, 100 percent. So when you write a check to someone for one hundred dollars, when that person, that someone gets the check and they endorse it and there are two signatures on that instrument and there's a date and the number, the amount is written out in words, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, of giving you 100 percent fees on my checks, let's make it 10 percent according to like what state the state law suggests.

So in other words, you would write a check for one hundred dollars to someone and you go back to your account and they took out ten dollars instead of one hundred. How about that? It doesn't take a genius to figure that out. Just go read about what negotiable instruments are.

blah, blah, blah, UCC, you know, 3-104, all these little simple acts, Federal Reserve Acts, right? Right. And go to your bank. Yeah.

Your bank statement doesn't say we get 100 percent fees, 100 percent checking fees. No. They just say you're giving us all security and just giving us all of it, bitch.

Right. So how about write a letter to them amending the terms of service? How about you guys? Let's start off. Take 10 percent on my checking.

All right. So I write a check for a thousand bucks. You take out 100.

Or if I write a check for 900 bucks, you take out 90. How's that? Isn't that more reasonable, people? Because when you send someone an instrument that says pay to the order of electronic also. Right.

And the funds are created. The accounting credit on account is credited when the person on the other end endorses it. Also, is there anything that I said that an eighth grader couldn't be explained? Was it? Where is it? Remember? And it was at the eighth grade.

They showed you how to write a check, how to write numbers with words. Remember that on the blackboard? Oh, yeah. Yeah.

That was earlier than that. I think it was seventh or eighth grade. Yeah.

Well, you one day you'll get a check. You have to write a check. Now, write this out, please.

Right. Yeah. On the blackboard or whatever.

Yeah. Why don't they tell you that? By the way, they're going to be doing 100 percent fees on your checking. Well, they don't say that part.

Yeah. But the thing that I remember this. No one does.

But by the way, I'm the only person that I've ever heard on the Internet or not that just said all checking accounts are basically 100 percent banking fees. I'm going to I'm putting together a much simpler way to discuss the financial stuff because it's time. Yeah.

It's like Molotov cocktails. Instead of driving in with a tank, you just have these, you know, you just want to you got to put your stuff together, you know, and make it real easy. When you start explaining the negotiable instruments and all that to people, they glaze over when you say 100 percent checking, 100 percent bank fees on your checking account.

What does that mean? They get you get their attention a little more clearly. Right. So and during one of these discussions back and forth about, you know, finance and money and stuff, the somebody posted the Emergency Banking Relief Act, the Emergency Banking Act of 1933, 1933.

Yeah. There is a Wikipedia page and they just said hint. So I think I think that's that that goes back to your discussion about the receivership and all that.

Yeah. But it's over. There is.

It's all leveled out now. It's no it's all accepted. In other words, you're never going to go back to substance money.

They say so. Right. Because as long as they have the full force and might of the U.S. military, they're going to also have the full faith and credit of the U.S. government and also the Federal Reserve Act that states that Federal Reserve notes represent a first lien mortgage on all property in the United States, persons and property.

You might even say persons. I'm not sure. I read it both ways.

So, yeah. So, you know, they have a lien on everything. So basically, let's say there's 300 million people in the U.S. You're a one in 300 million shareholder of everything.

Right. But there's no cap and there's no conditions. Yeah.

So basically what I just said will collapse the labor market, by the way. Yeah. You know what I mean? I mean, is that is that a cat acting like a dog, by the way? Or is that a dog? No, that's a dog, not a cat.

Yeah. The neighbor got it's a beautiful, good looking pit bull mix. And it doesn't know how to act.

It's quite far away, actually. But it projects because we're in the desert. You know, dry air.

I think it was a dryer. Humid air projects more. I think dry air.

I think dry air is a damping effect. Yeah. But yeah.

So, yeah, I'm going to be giving some more just down factual to the point financial stuff, because I think it's been time for a long time. You're not going to destroy the labor market. Most people are just too moronic.

I mean, they're really dead people. I mean, again, going back to Christianity being satanic. I mean, let's just say this.

Fortunately, there are no humans in that Christian religion. You know what I mean? I mean, what are they? They're cattle. Yeah.

Yeah. And here's the thing. Are they bad people? I'll say it again.

No, they're not bad people. But are they good people? No, they're definitely not good people. It can't be good because if you even if you do good acts as a Christian or whatever, you're going to get suckered into some evil shit real fast, thinking you're doing good.

So does that still keep you good? In other words, even if you haven't done anything like they at the potential of being led into that so automatically. Right. You cannot be classified as being.