I don't know if that's got anything to do with anything, but uh maybe it does, maybe it doesn't. Greek you talked about some glitches recently um first off though, how you doing? Uh glitching. You're glitching, like right now.

Glitchy. The jitsy. Well, not really, no.

When you put stuff in people's minds, you know, it gets more whatever. For me, the existence here is always glitchy and incorrect ever since as far back as I can remember. So I'm not really the best person to ask, but I am very good at objectifying stuff, so maybe I am. 

I don't know. Well, I was thinking about something objectively, and we got a question recently regarding induction. And you talked about this early on.

They went way back in the Sonics and started listening to you when you talked about the Transporter and Star Trek and all that. And I pulled that into two different pieces myself, and so did this listener. And they said, you know, it seems to me as though the key to being able to do anything in this entire universe or matrix or what did they also call it? Let me look real fast.

Simulation. Simulation. Construct is another good word. 

They didn't use that, but they said simulation, whatever it is you want to call it. The Transporter would be a great everything, not just a weapon or a way to cure things. I mean, look, if you wanted to factor something out of the body completely or if you wanted to change the age of somebody, all you would need is the patterns, right? And, like, I'm thinking about it because I'm familiar with the Star Trek canon, and I'm saying to myself, yeah, induction in that way, but that's also transportation.

But I guess induction is transportation, too, just over a short – you know, like if we think about food going in, right, and then it creates induction. It creates a reaction which creates something else in the blood, whatever, but that's the body creating it because it had this other material to work with. By the way, in terms of creation, the echo just stopped. 

Whatever you just did, did you lean forward or touch something? I did touch something, yes. I will leave it that way if it'll stop. Okay, whatever that was, that's the echo. 

Yeah, that was the echo. Now it's gone. Excellent. 

Okay. Okay, that's cool. So I get it. 

Well, here's the – this is the primer on induction. We have monsoon season here in Tucson. If you have a rainy season right now, this is what you do.

When you see rain – okay, when you understand how water is formed in the atmosphere, specifically rainwater, you'll get a handle on, let's just say, witnessing induction firsthand. Now, that sounds kind of stupid. It really is because you're witnessing induction firsthand, first principle inside your body constantly, but you can't perceive it because it's a first principle thing.

If you could perceive all the functions in your body, even some of them, you'd go mad, right? So I used to like – when I was a child, I used to cover – press my hands over my ears real hard and you could hear your heartbeat if you've ever tried that, right? So there's a lot going on, but okay. Take a sip of that coffee. Let's get started.

Rain, if you understand – also rain has a strong spiritual implication in many ancient rites, right? So they're trying to tell you why does rain always show up in ancient rites, but okay. So this is what you do. Well, okay. 

Let's just say what you do. All right, so you go outside and you find a cloud that's – typically they're very thick, cumulus clouds, white fluffy. They might turn gray and they get a very flat bottom, like a very flat bottom.

You could actually – if you're not aware of cloud formations, just be aware that thunderstorms typically – not always. When it's fully charged, it will get a very flat bottom as if it's being pressed up against something, right? Now go get yourself some binoculars, telescope or whatever if you've got good vision. Focus on the edge of the cloud or the bottom of the cloud and then watch the rain appear.

It'll start falling or when it falls. And watch the entire rainfall. Stand underneath a soffit or an overhang or something.

So you're not in the rain, an umbrella even or whatever. Don't get hit by lightning. And just watch the rainfall. 

Now you don't have to do this for hours. Sometimes the rain goes on for hours, but just watch pre-formation and you'll get a feeling. Your mind – and understand that the rainwater itself, the droplets that are falling to the Earth, are formed underneath that flat layer of the cloud.

Now not always because sometimes if you go out in a storm and you look up at the clouds, you kind of see them, but then there's like this fog under the clouds. They're very undefined and you can't really see much. Your best, let's say, visual experience would be when the cloud forms that flat bottom.

Now what they tell you – OK, so you're going to witness induction. You say, well, Greg, I don't see anything. It's just typical rain.

I see the flat bottom and I see the cloud and then I hear some thunder maybe or I hear the rain. I see the rain, but what? OK, well, you just witnessed it. Whether you saw it or not or noticed it or not, whatever.

I remember when I was really young riding the public transit, the bus sometimes, and I see all the people run to one side of the bus and look out the window because there was a car accident. I didn't see the car accident. All I saw was the people running to the side of the bus to look at the car accident.

So it might be like that for you even though you were there. You see the result, but not the process. Yeah, they saw enough of it to know that they want to go see more, and I saw them looking at something and then I went to go see what they were looking at.

So either way. OK, so this is what the idiots, the morons, the academics, the scientists tell you happens. You have humidity in the air and it clings on to dust particles, forms droplets and falls.

OK, that's so stupid. OK, now you could use their own science to disprove that because their own science uses conservation of mass. So if you have a given humidity, let's say 35 percent, because that's typically required, which is 15 grams of water per cubic meter.

And when you have 35 percent humidity and the humidity is now clinging to the dust particle to form water, a form of condensate, you should have some kind of a humidity meter. There's several varieties of them. And you will see that the humidity in the air is decreasing now because it's leaving the air and condensating like a dehumidifier almost on the dust to form a water droplet.

That's not how it happens at all. Right before the rainfall, we see the humidity climb. So where is that water coming from? Where is that humidity coming from? So their conservation of matter falls apart.

To give you bullshit like conservation of energy and conservation of matter, that's only true in a closed system to a degree. But all closed systems are in open systems. Like a closed system would be, let's say, your automobile car.

It's a closed system because you have a gas tank, you have the engine, the cabin and all that stuff. But at one point it has to dump out into an open system, the exhaust, and at one point it has to suck in air from the outside. So it's not really a closed system. 

It's semi-closed. So there's no such thing as a closed system. No, there's just cooperative subsystems that combine to create an effect or not.

That's all there is. Right. Yeah.

Yeah, so their thing about humidity clinging to dust particles is total bullshit. And if you want to be paid to be lied to, go to university, go to eighth grade and beyond or whatever, and you'll be lied to really well. And that's what this reality is about.

One of the best ones is go get yourself a degree in psychiatry. That one's beautiful. I've been looking at that lately.

Oh, yeah. Oh, gosh, they are so screwed up. I'll tell you a story about it.

We'll stop right here. OK. I dated someone who was trying to get their – or they were getting their doctorate.

Like they tell you you got it but you don't have it. It was like a curing period, you know, after the peer review and your recitation or dissertation or whatever, bullshit, and your paper and your thesis. Yeah, you write your thesis, which basically ends up being a book that you wrote during your time, and it's supposed to encompass everything that you're supposed to have known.

So it's this big book-length manuscript that they call whatever, and that has to be reviewed. Yeah, so anyway, so let's go back to the thing I was talking about psychiatrists. And back in the early 2000s in Jerusalem, there was a lab that was experimenting.

They didn't buy – these were academics and scientists, but they were on the fringe. They didn't buy the dust particles forming on water – humidity forming on dust particles, accumulating to form raindrops, and that will never happen. It doesn't work that way.

So they fired these lasers as a form of inforometry where they could measure the quantity of water based on spectrum analysis and all that. OK. And they found that every time they did that with a successive rainstorm, that it took a few nanoseconds from no rain, no water present, to lots of water present.

Nanoseconds, billionths of a second, right? So you're trying to tell me, idiot, moron scientist, that in billionth of a second, all that humidity forms on a dust particle? In a billionth of a second? That would be so much momentum, it would be almost like a sub-nuclear detonation. It would be like a capacitive discharge. It would look a thousand times brighter than any Fourth of July fireworks show up there, if that were true, what they're saying, again, with the humidity forming.

So it's actually forming out of thin air, literally out of the ether. The ether collapses through the programming, no different than Photoshop, or no different than, well, what are computer programs where you generate things, right? There's an outline, right? It gives you an outline, then you have different fills, different shapes, right? There's some control network somewhere that is pumping us what we need. Like, for example, Charles Fort, Fortian stuff in Book of the Damned, and the other book, Lowe, I think.

I was reading Fort in the 80s, and by the way, when I was at the New York Public Library, one of the librarians came to me and says, you know, this is where Nikola Tesla sat, and I'm just going to tell you that, because you're reading some of the same books that he did, you know, reportedly. So the books that Tesla was reading, I was reading, and sitting where he was, unknowingly. And also Charles Fort.

Okay, so Charles Fort talks about how things were unusual appearances, where people thought about certain things. Like, for example, all the insects went missing in England in the 1800s, and they were reporting on it. Hey, you notice there's no flies or beetles or butterflies or dragons? Yeah, I was like, what happened? And then suddenly one day, thousands of, you know, tons of insects started falling from the sky, live and dead.

Yeah, enough that the people could shovel off the street, because the constructor or the programmer kind of like, what's that, Hunger Games? Hunger Games where they're running around, or they could program your reality, right? These controllers, you remember that? I don't remember if there was a Hunger Games. Hunger Games was more like a competition, because, you know, the rich people wanted the poor people to compete so they could feed their sick. Sure, but during the competition, they had a control center where they could make it rain where you were or give you a weapon.

Oh, well, climate control. And it would just appear. Yeah, climate control stuff and things like manifestation have been in a lot of... See, that's why I wanted to go back to the Star Trek thing real quick, because the thing that the subscriber gets to here is that, look, you're talking about all sorts of natural observations of induction.

And indeed, we need to know about it, we need to know how it works, but what he's saying is, or she, I'm not sure, is saying, is that if you had control of that, if you actually knew how to direct that... Yeah, that's a good point. Okay, look, let's just say it's involuntary, but when we do, for example, when we do the weather work, we do have a certain amount of control. And when you say control, you're implying there's some form of planning or engineering in the background, right? So, like, for example, a simplest form would be the room is dark, you know there's a light switch, and you say, I'm going to go in and turn on the light.

There's a sense of planning, there's a sense of engineering that's in place already, and you're confident that you can apply that planning and engineering because everything's in place, and you have control that way, right? On and off, right? So we can do that with weather, pretty much, at a rate of anywhere between 50% to 90% success, which is very high. In terms of baseball statistics, there's no one who's ever had a record like that on basic weather stuff that we do. So the control aspect of it, yeah, you may not fully understand it, but you know enough about it to control it.

That's fine, and we do. That's why I speak on, in terms of the human body, universal principles. I speak to people often, and they say that they have a sore on their leg, and they say, well, what do you eat? I say, oh, the sore's on the front of your left leg.

They say, well, how did you know that? How could you know that? Well, I just asked you a few questions, and the things that you intake into your body and the way you age and all that stuff, it would have to go on the front of the body and on the left-hand side, right? They're like, how did you know that? 99% of the time, people explain they want to speak to me about a condition. Don't tell me anything about it. After I do an interview, I tell them exactly where it is and how long it's been there.

They're like, how did you know that? And I ask them, don't tell me specifically. I just want to ask you some questions first, because I'm piecing together what they're telling me, right? Now, do I know any more than that? No, I don't. But it's simply being able to ask people questions about their lifestyle and what they eat and mentioning against them is pretty amazing.

Do I understand all of it? Sorry, something just disrupted you during that last sentence and a half. You must have passed by. Oh, okay.

Sorry, go ahead. No, no, I'm not moving. I'm not moving at all.

What I'm saying is simply asking just a query about certain conditions and lifestyle of someone and then telling them where the sore is or the tumor or they're having the affliction. They're amazed by it, right? Because I've pieced together enough controls and enough of the engineering of how the body works, that it can be applied. So you could say directly you can reverse.

You know how many times I've said the current establishment has done tons of grunt work just because they're morons, don't throw it all away, right? So like in other words, ditches have to be dug, right? If you had most of people digging ditches, that's all they did, and they didn't know why they were digging them. It doesn't mean just go fill them up again. They're useful.

You could throw things in there, right, or whatever, build a foundation. For instance, anatomical maps in the medical industry are useful because they show you things that are under the skin. This is where this is.

This is where that is. I'll tell you what though. They are useful if you're dealing with dead people.

They're not very useful when you're dealing with living. Remember, when you die, the body changes very radically within minutes. Do you remember we were talking about thyroid and all that, and they show anatomy of a thyroid? That's not really what the thyroid looks like.

That's what the thyroid looks like when you're dead, right? What the thyroid looks like when you're alive is very different but similar. Like a live fish in an aquarium will look very similar to a dead fish at the fish market, the same fish, let's say whatever trout, let's say, or whatever, right? Very similar, but they're actually very different. They appear very different because they're alive.

They're in motion. If it's still, it's still in motion. Yeah, even the color changes.

Like I've actually seen an open head wound and it's still a living brain. It does not look like the anatomical examples that are photographed after autopsies. It is a totally different looking thing.

It looks like purple and brown, and then you see a very light spot where the brain would be, almost white. Yes, when it's alive. When it's alive, yeah.

It's not gray matter. It's gray matter when it's dead, yeah. Right, that's what I was going to say.

Think of dry flowers and live flowers. Anything living and anything dead is not a direct comparison. It's just one thing's alive, one thing's dead.

But what I'm trying to say here, these morons, the medics, the medical people, the academics, the scientists and all that, now they are morons because there's an exception. When I say they're idiots or morons, the exceptions are those who figure out that it's all bullshit and politics. They're still there, but they're like, how do I get out of here? I need to do something else.

Those are the exceptions. The ones that stay in there are morons, for sure. There's no doubt about that.

So take what they give and try to use it and apply it with universal principles, living versus dead, up versus down. Here's the thing. Everything has an electrical – it's not fair to say electrical because you think of battery cells and the power in your wall and all that.

If all living things were not electrical in some capacity, no pun intended for you electrical heads, you couldn't kill something alive with electricity, right? Because it has to be a parity. So if you can kill something that's alive with electricity, it's because it has electricity keeping it alive. You get it? So where is the study in that? Now there used to be – you used to interview – I remember a long time ago this doctor that came around and talked about Iraq where they did have weapons of mass destruction or whatever, and he was a gastrointestinologist or something like that, working medical stuff.

And I asked him a question. I don't know if it was – yeah, I don't know if it was on air or off air. How would you explain the impulses or what keeps the digestive system going? He says, it's electrical.

And I'm like, where's your electric medicine then? Why are you putting chemicals in there? And drugs, right? So yeah, OK. Take what they – it's a very broad, broad field, but you have to learn it on your own. And unfortunately, the universal principle stuff, I don't know where you're going to learn it now.

We would have been better off without a computer in the 1970s or 1980s and tell people just go run to some good libraries or good old bookstores, and you'd have a much better chance when things like macrobiotics and Taoism and Qigong and things like that were taught openly, right? You could always find a place. OK, now you think with the advent of the Internet, you'd have access to that information. Yeah, you do, and it's so watered down it's almost not worth even looking at, right? So anyway, the induction thing, yeah, you do have control.

You do have control. You have to understand the universal principles. We do this all the time.

We speak about that all the time here. Right, absolutely. Well, OK, so another one is another input from a subscriber is this guy always asks about stuff that has to do with what's coming next, that kind of thing.

Anyway, do you think things will get better as a type of deception? OK, I know what he's asking here. In other words, are we going to have sort of a false nice time here where everything's going to get really, really good before? Absolutely. Yeah.

Yeah, I wonder, that's one of the things I spoke about in Sonics. It'll appear real and you'll benefit from it because it's real. Like, for example, with the finance, again, you go to buy a house or a car with a loan from the bank.

Oh, thank you, God, for getting me a loan. Actually, they didn't lend you anything. They took your note.

They have permission to run your note and get money from the Federal Reserve. You don't know what's going on, but if you really needed that loan to make a business move or buy something that you couldn't have without the loan, is that a benefit to you? Yes, it is. But what you think it is, it really isn't, right? So you're going to get a very conservative state.

Archaics talks about this also, but I spoke about this 20 years ago or 15 years ago with you, or 10 years ago, that you're going to get into a very classic Old Testament type, what do you call it? Culture, mindset, lawful kind of conservative. That would be conservative for sure, right? Well, conservative kind of outlook. Yes.

Yes, definitely by today's standards, conservative, yeah. Yeah, and everything that comes along with it. And by the way, when there was that very conservative mindset where, like, the white people ruled, if you were not white, you didn't count.

By the way, by law, you still don't. If you read the slaughterhouse cases, only white men can function in law and all that other stuff. It hasn't been repealed.

I'm not saying that I'm for that, because actually the white men is actually... Anyway, I've talked about it. You know what I say? Think about white people. So not the white people, the color of your skin, because you could be any color and act like a white.

It's the culture. It's so watered down and lost, and I don't know what happened. But actually I do, but it's another discussion.

You need some European flavor. Yes, I'm borrowing that for a public presentation I'm planning on doing, by the way. So just to let you know, there's going to be a serious influence where I'm basically going to explain to a room full of white people that they're stupid.

Well, it's not stupid. Something happened to their culture. Give me an example.

You go to any multi-ethnic, multicultural, hip cultural place like New York City, San Francisco, whatever, you're going to get Thai food, Chinese food, Greek food, Italian food, Spanish food, Peruvian food, on and on and on, Ethiopian food, right? You're not going to see English food from England or Dutch food from Holland. Never, never, ever, ever, ever. As a matter of fact, the British... Yeah, and the fish and chips are terrible there too.

They supposedly are the king of fish and chips and they cook it in beef tallow. It's soaked in oil. It's lousy.

You want good fish and chips, go to the east coast of the U.S., the seafaring states like Massachusetts and Maine or whatever, even New York. They got better fish and chips at Wendy's when they had it than anywhere in England. So something happened to that culture.

Any boardwalk will give you better fish and chips. Any boardwalk venue will give you... Yeah, will give you better fish and chips than anything you'll get in England or the U.K. or whatever. So something happened to the culture and the people have been walking around with their head up their ass for a long time and they don't have to.

Yeah, I talk about white people food all the time. Oh, yeah. My whole presentation is going to be about how these people have this perception of what life, you know, the mafia is.

And you know zero is what the problem is. Oh, the mafia again. Well, here's the thing.

I spoke to an engineer. He designed most of the... He's kind of damned for it. You know, everything has to go through Atlanta, right? With I-10 and the highways and all that.

They made it some kind of hub. He didn't agree to that, but he worked on it, designed it. He's a melanated or black guy who studied in the 1940s engineering, got a doctorate in engineering, civil engineering and all that.

And when all these civil rights... No, when the affirmative action came out, he was in on the writing of it or the consulting of it before it was even made public. Right? Like in other words, when they do... They have these... What do they call these groups that work with the government? They're NGOs like RAND. They consult... What are they called? Like think tanks? You can call them think tanks.

There are think tanks. There's also the NGOs like you were talking about which may be a think tank or not. Sometimes they have a think tank as part of it.

They call them an institute, etc. But they're really just these organizations that operate within and around governments that are not governments. That's all they are.

Yeah, so by the end of the 50s, he found out they were doing this affirmative action program and it had nothing to do with a lot of people the way they get it politically and through the media. It's all you're giving people that, you know, without merit, a position where they should... Not meritoriously positioned, you know. It's just because of their ethnicity or skin color and a lot of people griping about that, right? But the real reason it was done, he explained to me, was because by the late 50s, the industry of America realized it was all populated almost exclusively by middle-aged white men.

And the creativity, the design factors, the engineering, all that was getting really stale and inbred. They couldn't come up with new ideas. Stuff they were building was... There was no progress.

It was not very good. And they figured, like, why are we falling so far behind? And we can't see how we can get anything better. And then the idea came out, because it has nothing to do with your education.

It has to do with you need cultural influence. You need other ethnic culture. You need geographic culture.

You need ethnic culture, different culture culture to come in and that acts like... It cross-pollinates indirectly flavor. Adds flavor, let's say, right? And that's why they did it, is because the middle-aged white, which was all exclusive, all the above middle-level management up was all white, middle-aged, whatever, and exclusively, no women, right? So they said, you have to integrate. You have to bring in other cultures, ethnicities, all that.

Even though they may not be specialists in the field, they will bring something that will allow the... It's like fertilizer, in a way, in a good way. It'll enrich. It's like bringing in new nutrients, right? And that was the reason why they did it, but they never went public with that.

They just said, okay, we got this thing, affirmative action, because a lot of people are disenfranchised, and if you get federal money, you have to comply. That's all they said. They didn't really give you the history of it.

When I heard that, I was like, oh, that makes total sense. And actually, not only does it make total sense, it makes too much sense, because I've been talking about shit like that for years. Thank you for telling me.

Right? And actually, no one's ever heard of what I just told you, because it was very private at the time. That would be an insult and a slap in the face to white America if they came out and said the reason why we're doing this is because you guys are inbred, and now conscious or mentally inbred, professionally inbred. You need some external genes, right? Let's say, right? And to your industry, they couldn't tell the people that.

And when I heard that, I was like, wow. Thank you for sharing that. You know what's funny about that is that very recently, a couple of, like, very, let's call them Afrocentric bloggers or very, like, you know, black sort of bloggers have actually started talking about this.

And I thought it was the wildest thing, because I've heard about it from you a few years ago already. But these guys started going, you know what the real problem is? Is, you know, because they're arguing about DEI and all this, right? Diversity, whatever. The point is, is that diversity.

Well, they're calling diversity now is something different. They want men to dress like women. But anyway, go ahead.

But no, but that's not the whole thing. The whole thing was meant to bring everybody in. So it got perverted, and now we're going to bring in the whole, you know, transgender and all that nonsense.

But the truth is. Yeah, that's what the new stuff is. But to bring everybody in is not the point.

The point was to cross-pollinate and bring in, instead of having this monoculture that is dying, right? Like brother and sister having babies over generation after generation. They needed to, what do you call it when you, it's incestuous almost. Intellectual incestuous kind of degrading thing.

Yeah, they needed to bring in. Yeah, intellectual incest. Perfect.

But that's the thing. You have to diversify things a bit in order to strengthen the product. It's that simple.

And as time goes on, yeah, it's going to get stale. And this is how these guys are starting to talk about it. And I was like, are these guys listening to the Greek? Because it's almost exactly the same thing, except, you know, they kind of go, you know.

Well, the thing is, well, ask them for their source on the info. Did they intuit it? Is it intuitive? That would be good. You're picking it up from the field, right? Yeah, I have written to a couple.

It could be intuitive, but I could give you my source. I just gave you my source. No, I know.

So it was an engineer, yeah. I didn't mention him by name. No, no, no problem.

But I wrote to them and asked them, and I didn't get many responses. But I did get one response, and the guy said it is just what makes sense and is obvious. And I said, okay.

Oh, so they intuited. Good, very good. So they're picking up from the intuition.

Yeah, absolutely. This guy Ken Yeta out there, if anybody runs across him on, like, Substack or I think he might even have a YouTube channel. But he talks about this kind of stuff and goes, look, this is the truth about, you know, a bunch of different things.

But it just so happened, and he said almost exactly what you said, about how diversity is not what it is. But his source essentially was a thought experiment or intuition. Yeah.

See, I wouldn't have picked this up. Well, maybe I would have, but I'm telling you, I had a conversation more than a decade ago with someone who was directly involved with this. You can look up who designed the – it's called the Atlanta Interchange or all the highways that go through Atlanta, whatever, all the engineers.

And his name is there. He's given credit. They put his name on a bronze plaque or whatever.

But anyway, I thought that was really cool. And, like I said, they couldn't come out with that kind of deep, let's say, intel back in the late 50s publicly. Not even now they're doing it.

They're not even talking about it now. Anyway, and by the way, a lot of wealthy, melanated or black people were very upset about the Civil Rights Movement because they knew where it was going to lead to. They knew that they were going to give this false sense of, quote-unquote, civil rights, which are not constitutional rights.

They're not lawful, by the way. It's all statutory and has to do with economics. If you receive federal money, you have to do this, right? What I heard from them, this is from one of the inventors, his dad, the super soaker, he's worth like $150 million.

I forgot his name. Somebody that was working with him, and I was in that group, but indirectly I never crossed over and had direct conversations with him. But a lot of people that were prominent, they were like, this is bad because the Civil Rights Movement is just a bait.

They're doing that so they could beef up their police force, and then they're going to bring the police in and start predating on people, which is what happened. There's more to the story, but the idea of a, quote-unquote, black neighborhood is a ghetto was not prevalent until after the Civil Rights Movement, right? The ghetto concept, right? And so, yeah, what it did was the opposite. It actually brought slavery back.

If you brought the concept of, let's say, black slavery and how that was administered, it's very much administered, black, quote-unquote, neighborhoods are administered the same way today. So anyway, they saw it as a very negative thing. No one ever speaks about all of the affluent black neighborhoods in the country.

When you say black neighborhood, they go, boom, ghetto. Where did these rappers or basketball players come from, right? So it's still going on. I mean, it's just sick.

I mean, you're being deceived about everything. Well, go figure. So anyway, any more questions? No, those are the only two I have.

Yeah, and also it was like what's coming. Yeah, it's going to be false, but you're going to benefit from it, just like most people feel like they benefit from whatever, going to medical or going to attorneys or going to doctors. It doesn't work that way.

It's a short term. It doesn't last long. Anyway, what I want to bring up was someone we've been in contact for a long time, and regarding healing modalities, we tried certain things.

This was a skin condition, and he emailed me. He says, guess what? You know, I tried eggs, and eggs really worked out well for me, even though we were talking about no meat, no oils, and things like that, no animal. I don't like to say meat.

I just say animal, right? That covers it a little better. And then there's, by the way, with animal, you have typically when I say animal means where you have the flesh of a dead animal. But you can have animal products where the animal stays alive, like eggs and milk, for example, except fish eggs.

Fish eggs, they usually kill the fish. They have to get it out of the corpse of the fish. But typically, eggs from fowl and milk from milk goats, milk sheep, cows, the animal retains its life, right? And it's putting out that product anyway.

So that is a different class when I say animal. But I include those in there typically because that's more conservative. But he found that eggs were very regenerative and helpful.

Now, if you know anyone from Asia, and you know how Americans eat two eggs and bacon and all that for breakfast, right? In Asia, if you eat an egg, they're like, oh, wow, you're eating an egg. And you're like, yeah, I usually have two. They're like, wow.

It's a big deal to eat an egg in Asian culture because they understand that if you ask them why this is such a big deal, they can't tell you directly. But in their culture, which uses a lot more, they're more considerate about the energy of things. When you eat an egg, right? Remember, when a chick hatches, the shell is left behind.

You're not eating the shell. You're eating everything that makes that chick, right? So essentially, when you're eating an egg, whether you eat chicken or not, let's say you eat chicken. I had chicken for lunch or dinner or whatever, right? You had the muscle.

You probably didn't eat gizzard or liver or the feet, whatever, right? Actually, fried gizzards and stuff are delicious, and the feet are delicious too. Most people can't handle it. It's very sweet, almost like white corn in sweetness.

So you probably just ate the muscle tissue, dark or white meat, right? But when you eat an egg, remember, when the chick is born, it leaves the shell behind. So we're not talking about the shell, just the inside. It's the same thing as eating a chicken, all of the internals, the beak, all the feathers, the claws, the feet, everything.

You get it? Because everything that, all the energy, all the substance that it took to form that chicken, the entire chicken, feathers and all, let's say when you say feathers and all, it means the whole chicken, is in that egg that you're eating. Remember, the shell is left behind either way, right? So it's pretty powerful. Now, typically, I think chickens, they just get fertilized once, right? And they make fertile eggs.

They just get inseminated once by a rooster, and all the eggs continue being fertile, I believe. Or is it every year or two they have to do it? I'm not sure. Yeah, I think it's something like that.

It's more than I'm getting. But anyway, so the idea here is this. This is one thing I didn't clarify with him, and I said, I'll talk about eggs.

So you're eating the entire chicken, but you're only eating the entire chicken if the egg is a fertilized egg. Most eggs that you buy, even if you go to a farmer's market, if they were ever refrigerated and you took them home and put them under an incubator, they would never form and hatch because they're not fertile. Fertile eggs, right? You get it? So most of the eggs that we eat are not fertile eggs, for several reasons, obviously.

So that will remain as this basic albumin, yolk-type protein, almost like stem cells, right? Stem cells, remember, you've heard of all the – what was it, 10, 15 years ago? Oh, stem cell therapy. Remember, it went away now, right? But in that vein of thought, it's like a pre-cell, so whatever you need, those stem cells actually latch on and grow and help the body develop what it needs, let's say, right? The idea is that further down, you have cells that are sort of blanks, that can become something else. They don't have a nucleus or mitochondria, let's say.

So therefore, the egg is sort of like that because this doesn't necessarily have to become a chicken, but it could. Only if it's a non-fertile egg. A fertile egg has everything necessary energetically to form that chicken.

When you eat a fertile egg, you're essentially eating the chicken feathers, beak, and all. So when it's a non-fertile egg, it's essentially the same kind of folklore that you have in a stem cell. Now, I'm not saying that eating non-fertile eggs, which is a typical egg that you buy, is like having stem cells.

No, but I'm giving the comparison. It's not the same. And actually, under any testing, it would be very strenuous testing to see if it was a fertile egg or not.

They have to actually do what everybody else does, wait and see, or get the history of the hen. So that's an interesting point. And I brought this up.

It's interesting because the eggs came up again because I did a short talk with someone about this about a year ago. And I mentioned in the email, I'll speak about it on a sonic, and I want to because I thought about this, that having not so much the eggs, it's that the eggs are not fertile or fertilized, or the hen hasn't been fertilized. I'm not up to my chicken lingo, guys.

Sorry, I'm not being precise enough. Maybe I should look up some zoology or the fauna of the fowl and see how they operate. Now, I wouldn't be surprised if different breeds or species of fowl had different characteristics as well.

Well, they do make slightly different eggs, different types of chickens. They have different breeds and whatnot. Oh, there's a hundred varieties of chickens.

You know, like what came first, the chicken or the egg? I used to tell people, the chicken farmer. The chicken farmer came first because the chicken, as you know it today, did not exist more than 300 years ago. As a matter of fact, if you go look at— No, I was just going to ask because another strange thing that happened with the eggs that I noticed changed over the past few years because I don't eat that many of them.

But, you know, they used to—sometimes I would crack one open and there would be this little chunk in there. Yeah, a red dot. Well, sometimes a red dot, but sometimes it was a white thing that was just kind of there, and it almost seemed like, well, gee, that kind of egg has tried to form into a chicken.

It's the end of the albumin. Yeah, well, typically—well, a chicken egg, by the way, a fertile one, is a good example to show how the blood is pumped without a heart because when the capillaries form around the yolk, you flash a light and you can look closely and the capillaries are pulsating. And there's just capillaries forming around the yolk.

There's no evidence of any animal at all, and forget about even looking for a heart because there's just capillaries wrapping. Like the capillaries, it almost appears like the capillaries on the white of your eye around a yolk. That's all there is, and they're pulsing.

This is an experiment, a very crude experiment, and they don't discuss this. That's why they literally used to pay people to hold the eggs. They used to literally pay people to hold the eggs up to light to be able to see that.

If they saw that, the egg was rejected for consumption. Sure, there's many old egg tricks about spinning them on a table, all kinds of stuff. But I just want to say that the chicken that is popular today was not a popular bird to eat.

Back in the day, more than 200 or 300 years ago, there were other fowl that were more popular because it wasn't worth killing a chicken because it didn't have enough meat. They were used for eggs, but they were not good for meat. So what they did was they started breeding them for meat.

Just like, for example, if you buy... Go look at some sketches. They're around 1,600, 1,500. They're surviving sketches where you look for the oldest sketch or drawing of a chicken, and you look at it, and you're like, wow, that's a really skinny bird.

That chicken doesn't even look like a chicken. It's so skinny, it's unbelievable. You wouldn't recognize it as a chicken.

It almost looks like a dove or even skinnier than a dove. That's why, for example, if you're in the market for goats, they ask you, do you want a meat goat or a milk goat? Different breed. I mean, they breed them for... One is bred for having a sizable udder for milk, and the other one is bred for a sizable mass of muscle, right, for meat.

So this has been... We've been messing around with this stuff for hundreds of years now, and when we think we bring up animals, it's not really in the... It's only recent culture. But, yeah, so anyway, the moral of the egg story is rationalizing that if the egg is not fertile, it will be more of a distemper.