Geez, 237 rated Y, I think that's the number. Greek, how are you? I'm doing all right. I'm going to be pretty busy soon.

It looks like it's what the last day of September and I just found out that the lab is ready for occupancy in October 1st and I thought that was a little ways but I found out today. So, that means that's tomorrow and I'm in Tucson and the lab is in California. Oh shit, how do you do that? That's not a problem.

Anyway. That's not a problem at all. You can be there quickly.

It's easily done if somebody wants to make sure it happens. Right? Yeah, it's a big raw space. We haven't signed on it yet but it's like 99% and it's a big, like I always said, bunch of parking, big roll-down gate, very tall ceilings, concrete floor, white walls.

I mean, you can't really blow stuff up in there but it's pretty good. Yeah. And now, it's just looking for the people and anyone that comes over and decides to work with me will learn a lot.

You're going to learn a lot, a lot because I see what's going on in the world and what people do and I'm like, oh gosh, if you only just spend a few hours, we'd talk about what you did in a different way. One thing I want to interject, and maybe I have, when we get into the space there, it's going to be like Laguna Beach area, Orange County. What I want to do every weekend is have a gathering of young people where they learn everything just like night, play music, kind of like a rave but not a rave, right? It could be a rave, whatever.

Just younger people, 70 and younger, right? No, I'm just joking but anyway, young people because they're not learning. What's that? I didn't expect a 70 there. That was funny but okay, go ahead.

Yeah, sorry. Yeah, but either way, yeah. You know, if we're supposed to live very long but we don't.

So we're going to learn how to, you're going to learn about hygiene, you're going to learn about the money system, you're going to learn about food, you're going to learn about the human body, you're going to learn about history, you're going to learn about religion and a lot of those things are not good, by the way. So basically, you learn how to wash your bum right and how to prepare a good meal and all the stuff we talk about here in person and you will learn, you'll actually be able to hear what the best reproduced music sounds like through, you've never heard anything like it because usually when you hear reproduced music, a song you like from way back then, you know, the band is not there. You've never heard it.

You've heard it through your car, your headphones or your home stereo, your laptop, whatever. But you've never heard it with the stuff that I build, the acoustic counter space stuff and you'll be quite amazed just on that. So yeah, when I'm ready for that, but that's one of the things because someone asked me like, what do I really want to do? I said, what I want to do is influence young people.

And that word is a bad word now influence like social media and all that. But I mean, they're not getting anything from their parents. Heck, they're not getting anything from school.

Right. Grandma ain't teaching them nothing. I mean, they there's this they can so you get, you know, the concept, the pro it's an old cliche junk in junk out.

Right. So they've been getting junk their whole lives. And yeah, and it's the younger people, the phrase, the older people, hang on.

The phrase used to be garbage in garbage out. Right. And that was a computer thing.

And that was supposed to be about, look, the programming you put in, if it sucks, then you're going to get a suck result. I mean, that's pretty much what it what it means, which is funny, because the first the first question I want to run by you before we get into just a couple more is kind of about that, because they said, you know, there must be a way to access. Let me read this.

There must be a way to access the digital side of things as far as the signature and how it creates money. In other words, every single physical mechanism has been made to have a digital one. And if it was easy to access that, that would be something that could indeed break the system entirely.

That's how they worded it. Yeah. But the system is already broken.

It's based on credit. Right. I think I've gone.

Let me know. OK. Gold is for the nobility sovereigns like countries, kings, very, very wealthy captains of industry The common people use silver as an exchange.

Right. Now, here we go. The the the poor below the common people or whatever you want to classify them as.

They do barter. They do barter. Slaves do credit.

Slaves do credit. So everything is credit. So defaults you into a slave category no matter who you are.

Now, through the years, I've been so surprised to find people of, let's say, billionaire types that don't know how the money system works at all. As a matter of fact, that was not going to mention his name, but Mike Finley. But he he controls a lot of the helium in the US.

For example, I think like 75 percent of all the helium in the world comes from the US. And if you control 75 percent of that, that's like controlling half of the helium in the world. Right.

That's like rough math. He was selling a small bunch of oil wells, like nine hundred and thirty six oil wells. Is that a bunch? That's more.

That's a pretty big bunch. Right. And for a German company.

And by the way, the Germans and Norwegians are buying up all the little wildcat wells, you know, like little families that have these little, you know, little companies. This never makes the news. I was surprised.

And they bought up all the ones in the Colorado, New Mexico, Texas area, Northern Arizona, you know, Four Corners, all that. And now they're buying up all the ones in Montana, which, by the way, Montana is putting out oil that is so clean, like the old Penn State oil that was around 150 years ago that it was so clean coming out of the ground. You could put it into your engine ready to go.

That's how clean it is. Low sulfur, almost no sulfur. And we're I think we're we're the largest oil producer in the world right now.

Again. Right. People.

I mean, these are facts. Right. I mean, you know, but you're not aware of them.

So I was talking to these people and this one guy, he was selling these oil wells, by the way, to go back to a nine hundred and thirty six oil wells to Norwegians. And it was the deal was broken up, but he was getting ready for to get thirty six million up front for to start the deal. Right.

So I'm over at his house. He's like, oh, the bank just called. I got to go down to the bank.

I'm like, OK, cool. Can I come with you? Sure. Sure.

So go down there and they come out with this. You know what the commercial checkbooks look like. Right.

It's like the big checks with the big loose leaf binder. Yeah. That's got all the checks.

You tear them off. Yeah. It's got a whole separate ticket.

Yeah. That tells you that that's supposed to be the corporate ones. Yeah.

Yeah. So they come out with that and it's covered with like blank pieces of paper all over. You don't even.

And they just ask him to sign here. They're actually covering the check. And he signed it.

And I'm like, it's not my business. Right. I'm not his agent.

So I'm just watching all this. I said, what the hell are you doing? This is the third time. This is the third time they've asked me to do that.

I was like, what? You're signing checks made out to the bank and they're taking your credit. I don't care. No one's.

Yeah. Because right. Remember, the thirty six million from the Germans bank is never going to be transferred to him.

He's creating the. Right. Right.

His own bank is creating it. Right. Right.

Right. So he didn't quite get it. He says, well, that's how it is.

You know, I'm willing to deal with. I'm like, you're being totally royally ripped off. And that's when I noticed that people are under a trance.

That's where the Satanists, you know, regard the people as the unwashed or the dead or the masses, the unclean and all that, you know, because of their behavior and their attitude and all that. By the way, the non Satanists, if you read the Bible, it doesn't hold the masses in any regard at all. By the way, I think you understand that, you know, even if you haven't read it, you can just open to any page and you'll see that the masses are in very low regard.

So, yeah. So there are billionaires that are in the low regard on every side. Yeah.

And if you don't mind, there's no way the digital. If you don't mind me saying, look, the thing that jumps out of me right away is that only a moron would sign a check if they don't even know what the numbers are on the check. Because you're telling me basically.

Exactly. It's all covered. I mean, but that's like, even if you don't think that, you know, let's just say I reject all this stuff about the monetary system that you've talked about.

Right. And I'm thinking to myself, I'm going to write a check that we're going to draw funds out of my account and all that. And you know, and I'm I would have to see the numbers before I place a signature on it.

I mean, why would you? Seriously? What? OK, sorry. I just had to throw that in. But go ahead.

I mean, I know. But you read how many times, how many times have people told to read and there's like all this fine print and then you don't want to read this, not just sign it. But anyway, just to mention an old friend, Sam, it's not too personal.

But when he was hearing me saying that rich people were morons, he didn't quite get it. And he says, I don't think that's true. And he was traveling around Europe, staying with people, you know, doing barter and, you know, whatever he did.

He traveled all over Europe, stayed all over places and I don't get too personal. But one day he calls me out of the blue Skype and he's like, I want to talk to you about what, Sam? He's like, you know, when you said that rich people are morons. That's true.

And I'm like, well, what makes you turn around and think that now is because I'm staying with a very wealthy family and they're total idiots. And I'm like, oh, good. So thank you.

I didn't I wasn't looking for approval or confirmation because I already knew that. But I'm glad you're coming around to see it. Right.

I mean, what's it worth? Right. So it's kind of like the Bible again. If you hear what I'm saying and you I'm not asking you to take it because I said it.

Be skeptical. But when you start seeing what I'm saying is actually how it is, you don't have to come back and tell me, well, that's how it is. I already know that.

Otherwise, I wouldn't be saying it. Right. I'm trying to give it objective information.

I'm trying to objectify. Are all wealthy people morons? No. It's like it's back to the calories.

You know how I say calories don't apply unless you're pooping charcoal. You know, there might be someone pooping charcoal and calories apply to them. I will never say calories never, ever apply to humans, all humans.

I always say very specifically, it doesn't apply to you unless you're pooping charcoal. There might be someone out there that every time they poop, charcoal comes out. Right.

So anyway. Well, then one wonders. I try to be objective.

Yeah. I'm going to tackle a couple other questions here because you raised up a bunch of people asking questions about, you know, people being gotten rid of basically in the cleansing that's to come as far as I can tell. And I got to tell you, that's one of the weirdest things because this idea that, you know, basically it's all got to go.

I think some of it has to remain. I think that to be in an absolute circumstance, like even some of the bad people are going to still remain here. Even some of the stupid people.

It always does. It has to. It always does.

Right. Yeah. Yeah.

But. But that's that's not complicated at all. That's not complicated.

That's pretty. Shouldn't say obvious. You know, look, you know, the FDA approves a certain amount of rat feces in hot dogs because when they investigated all of the hot dog factories, they all had rat feces.

And they said, if we shut them all down, there'll be a real the next American revolution. Can you imagine no more hot dogs? So they said, well, let's leave. Let's leave a minimal.

Yeah. Ask people what they're doing. Fourth of July for it's for barbecue and hot dogs and hamburger.

Right. So you can't have a revolution. So they allow a certain amount of excrement.

This is you could look it up. I don't know. After Kobe, they took a lot of stuff offline, but I've showed people or they do allow they don't call it.

They call it digest animal digest. They don't call it feces. They don't call it extra.

They call it animal digest. What is an animal digest? Think about it. Where does the digestion happen? What is digestion? Right.

So anyway, it's called animal digest for now is allowed. You'll actually see animal digest in pet foods, too. Oh, yeah.

Well, almost anything. If you check in the ingredients and allow. Yeah.

I'm like peanut butter. Peanut. So, in other words, peanut butter is another.

There's going to be. I'm sorry. You know.

Yeah. Well, there's a guy that talked about, you know, like there's no evolution because the food storage industry relies on no evolution. If you put peanut butter away for 100 years or a thousand years, you'll open it a thousand years or a hundred years later.

Guess what? It's still peanut butter. Right. So.

But here's the interesting part about that. It's very easy. And they're not really going to be gotten rid of, but there's a whole bunch of possibilities.

Like I mentioned, you might go to somewhere that you think is heaven or somewhere you mean think is hell. And I've given a lot of talks that you are actually dead right now and you're in hell. Right.

But that's I lean on that the most. You're in hell right now, believe it or not. And the one good antidote or comparison for that would be there was a Twilight Zone with a bank robbery shooting pool.

He's got women around him. Guy comes up to him with notepad. What do you want to do next? I'm getting bored here.

I want to go rob a bank. OK, well, tell us exactly. Do you want to get away or do you want to get caught? He's like, no, what do you mean? I just want to go rob a bank.

Says, well, you have to tell us. Are you going to get caught or are you going to get away? He says, I don't want to know. It is what we have to know.

Do we have to set it up that way? And he's like, well, look, if this is heaven, I don't want to be here. And he's like, what makes you think you're in heaven? Yeah. Right.

So you remember that one? Yeah. Every woman. That's an old Twilight Zone.

He gets all the money, wins every bet. Yeah. Everything.

And then he gets he's like, I'm bored with this. I want to go to the other place. And they're like, you're already there.

Yeah. Yeah. You already are in hell.

So, yeah, that's why nothing ever gets done. That's why, you know, it's all about wasting time. But this is not the biblical.

This is not the biblical hell or there is no biblical hell, by the way. There's variations of bad places to go. But the Christian hell, I believe that we are like the ancient Greeks believe you're actually dead.

And this earth existence is a passing to the next existence. Right. So I'm very firm believer in that in terms of from a philosophical point of view, from the from the codex and the laws that I live by, it's I'm waiting for the resurrection of the dead.

That's that would be like if you had to do what do they call a declaration of your faith. Right. So if I had to do that, it would be the resurrection.

What you're talking about is at the heart of various secret societies, to be honest with you. This is a very interesting through line through various ethnicities. Which which part? The whole thing about which part? The one that we're living in hell or the resurrection? That you're already dead.

And as a matter of fact, you declare yourself dead again. And you. Yeah.

And all that. I mean, that is something that they get you to accept in order for you to join. You know.

Oh, yeah. They do the mock the mock death. Yeah.

They have you lay in a coffin or the gesture of slicing the throat. Yeah. That's all.

It's very macabre. Yeah. Yeah.

But even if you pay careful attention to what's said in Sicilian during a making ceremony, my friend, you're dead already. That's that's the thing. Well, they tell you, may I may I be in the most worst way killed if I betray my family, betray the family and betray my oath? Yeah.

Yeah, exactly. And that's the whole thing about burning a saint. And that's that's the pagan ritual.

But the additional part of it is you have the gun, you have the world. And guess what? You know, I tell you when to wield the gun and that's all you need to know because you're already dead. And that's the thing.

They say that in Sicilian. I don't know if all of them do it because, you know, white people don't know. There's literally like an octopus of mafias over there and there's eight organizations.

But anyway. Sorry. Yeah.

We're getting away from the question. But I want to bring up also the as we're getting away, the thought came in when you mentioned the mob. What was that secret service agency in the Soviet Union? The U.U.R.G. or U.G.R.U. Something like that.

U.R.G. The G.R.U. Yeah. When you were sworn in, they showed you film footage or video of people that betrayed the organization, burned alive, burning alive and burned alive. They showed you actually it's kind of like that Bill Hicks comedy where when you get elected, they take you to the basement and they show you a shot of the Kennedy assassination you've never seen before.

Right. So anyway. Yeah.

So to go back to it, there's no elimination that just to go over, you might go to a place that you think is heaven, a place that you think is hell. You you might be sent back here or you might just be erased, just like a Dixie cup at the water cooler at the office, completely disposable, whatever you have, that's it. And it doesn't matter to you at that point because you're not the one doing it.

Right. And then, of course, which I didn't mention last time is the resurrection of the dead. Right.

Which is sort of like the Christian, not even Christian, because Christians don't emphasize the resurrection at all. They emphasize going to heaven or hell. Right.

So and then what, you know, after the resurrection. So anyway, no, there's no there's no getting rid of people. It's called I used to call it the mop up crew.

Remember? Right. Yeah. It's mopping up.

And I know for sure most people here, most people here on this planet, especially the New Agers and the woke or liberals don't like it, aren't worth crap. Most most. Yeah.

I would say at a rate of ninety five to ninety nine percent of the people that I met are not worth a damn. Mm hmm. Right.

So if you need a hundred people, you'd very for it. Most likely one will have some kind of whatever. And guess what? If you're happy with ninety nine percent of the people that you're around, you're one of them.

So it's fine either way. Right. So who's what? Who's them? You know.

Anyway. Look real quick. I'll just address something that's actually addressed to me.

It's about the JFK assassination and something that Dick Gregory said. He gave an interview and said that JFK actually survived the head wound and remained a vegetable until he died in nineteen seventy two. Look, the problem with Dick Gregory is this.

He didn't do any of his own research. He used his comedic and his public profile to try and make awareness for the Kennedy assassination. But the people that led him at different times told him different things and he repeated it.

So Dick Gregory is a very inconsistent guy when it comes to this. So I just by the way, I lost. I lost the last 30 seconds or 10 seconds after I finished speaking.

I heard like a buzz and then everything disappeared. Wow. So Dick Gregory comes up from a question or a comment or you did you interject that? Yeah.

I already took care of it. I took care of it anyway. OK.

It was one for me. All right. So how about this? The Greek was talking about 90 percent of humanity because it's part of the same question here will be annihilated.

But shouldn't the benevolent God start with demon and evil spirits? That's the way the question is worded. The benevolent and malevolent is like Republican and Democrat. It's a political thing.

So it depends on how you look at it. See I try. And how you look at it.

Yes. You know, this started a private message started at one point. And he said, you know, isn't it kind of cruel to just sort of erase people? And I said, actually, I think that's an act of mercy.

You know, that was my comment. And I said, I bet the Greek will agree with you if you ask him. And I thought he was going to ask this question in the regular chat there.

But he did not. So anyway, I just want to point it out when you're when you're erased. It's like when you cut a leg off octopus.

The octopus is still there when people are erased. They're also they're erased because initially there's one human spirit. Let's say let's say we do it from a grammatical point of view where you have a category of species. 

Right. So there's one category for species called feline. And then you have all the different feelings, which are an expression of that species or that spirit expressing itself different ways, just like clouds and snowflakes express themselves. 

Right. We don't categorize each specific cloud because they're all different, just like we don't categorize. I think there's categories for snowflakes, but things that are very individual.

So they go back. But when they go back, there's no sense of loss because that category is still here. The human category is still here.

I've been speaking to people or communication people that are much into the draconian reptilian thing, their world. And I'm like, I'll I'll be I'll do it. I'll become a Draco or a reptilian.

I would definitely trade the human avatar for that to be one of them. No problem as long. But if I find out they're just as dumb as humans or the same, they suffer the same maladies, I don't want to do it.

So I am looking for a better. I am not a defender of humanity at all, at all. I am looking for a place where there is more right than wrong and right and wrong.

It's not like checking a box and you check the wrong one where things that are known are actually done and implemented. Right. But when we talk about the financial stuff, right, we have the most power.

Everyone is a millionaire and a billionaire, but no one is acting that way because they don't know it is the information out there. Yes. Is it hidden? No.

You've just been misdirected. So I don't want to be in a in an existence where it's only deception and misdirection. That's the norm.

Hell no. Right. So if the Draco don't have that shit, I'll sign me up.

I'll go there because it has nothing to do. I'm not attached to the human form. I'm attached to more altruistic.

Let's say not moral, but things that are, let's say, you know how we talk about universal principle. Where is deception and all this stuff that you see here as the norm? Part of it can be accounted for using universal principle. But to me, it's very much against it.

It's completely out of balance. So I'm not I'm the wrong person. I will not defend humanity at all.

Like I've said in the past, if there's a mop up crew of angels that are executioners to come here to eliminate most of humanity, I would say to them, hold on a second before you start. Come over. I'll make you some finger sandwiches and power drinks.

Right. You get it. Yeah. 

You know, so so you have more energy. I am not a defender of humanity. Yeah. 

No, absolutely. I totally understand. Anyways, can you please ask the Greek to clarify if eggs have the same energetic effect on the body when we bake with them? After the last Sonic, I won't look at eating eggs as a meal the same. 

No. So they don't change. No, they don't.

It's OK. They know it changes. You know, it changes the egg a lot, but it adds itself.

You know, anyone who works in a hardware store that does color pigment will understand that, like someone who knows color. And you will look at, let's say, the the orange part of the card or the green, let's say where the greens are. You'll see like this green has more yellow.

The other one has more blue in it. Right. Right.

You get it. Right. So, you know, like you'll have a different purples, which is blue and red.

Right. If you put a little bit of red in the blue, you're not going to get purple. And if you put a little bit of blue into the red, you're not going to get purple.

So it depends when you're combining baking when I say because baking, there's quiche also. Right. Right.

Remember, you know, it's like a pie and you use to thicken. Right. Like a custard.

Custard is made with that. You can make it without animal product at all. Actually do enjoy it more sometimes.

I never tried that. It changes it. Just just like it changes it in a way.

Very similar. Like no one's ever been at a hamburger shop and was asked, you want cucumber with your your burger or they include cucumber. They never say that. 

What do they say? Pickle. Right. But what's a pickle made of? You know, the American pickle, it's cucumber.

But you ever notice? Yeah, they never say cucumber. They say pickle. And you're supposed to know.

But how about cucumber? No, I don't want cucumber on the road. Give me the pickle. Boy, if someone was visiting this planet and they got a job at McDonald's or wherever they make burgers, forget about McDonald's, please.

And, you know, they would be asking the humans if they wanted a cucumber, right, because that's what it is. But look how different it is. Right.

Banana chips, by the way, dehydrated plantain chips in New York. They're very popular at the bodegas. I don't remember the hang.

You get a beer and some plantain chips, right? That is not the same as eating a fresh banana. It's completely different, completely different energy. So when you say don't eat tropical foods at a certain times of the year, banana chips would be OK.

I wouldn't overdo it, but it will not have the same effect as having a banana. Right. Right. 

And vice versa. Eating plantain chips to cool down and because it's hot is not going to work like a fresh banana. Right.

So, yeah, you got to understand the let's say in the terms of alchemy, the alchemists thing is to transmute using what? Water, fire and light. Right. Right. 

That's what they use. That that was where me and then they have elixirs and philosopher's stone and those special adjuncts and things. But the the the alchemist's kit, basic alchemic starter kit is fire, water and light. 

Right. So what is cooking? Fire and water, isn't it? So you're really it's really in front of you. And, you know, one of the things I do by, for example, demonstrate cooking when you have a proper setup is I have I put butter, olive oil and a bunch of oil in a pan and in a wide pan, turn up the heat and it starts to get the oil gets really hot.

And you see the oil in the pan. Right. So watch this, guys.

I take a fresh lemon. I hold my hand about a foot above and I drop the lemon juice in. And you see this flash and a fog you can't see through the mist. 

Right. Then I said, quick, look at the pan. The pan is clean.

Like you just washed it and dried it ready to put it away. What happened to that oil? Just a few drops of lemon juice in there. What happened? Right.

You try that experiment. I got some oil in a pan, you know, like you're going to fry something and throw some lemon juice in there and wash all the oil disappear. I mean, it's squeaky clean. 

How did that happen? I'm right. So just, yeah, picturing it. But OK, yeah, I got to try that.

Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty amazing how clean the pan is.

You're like, wow, you wouldn't get it that clean unless you use like scoured it with soap and a brillo pad. So, yeah. So this is what's going on constantly when you're cooking, but you're not aware of it. 

Why? Because you're used to it. Right. So when you start looking at what's really going on. 

Right. So anyway, go ahead. OK, so, you know what? We'll try and close out with this one.

I've got more, but, you know, I'll organize them more. And we'll go at it again sometime in the very near future. Anyways, if we could talk more about how to quiet the mind and repel intruding thoughts, if there are any specific techniques we can use, I listen to an older sonic where he says when concepts and words are shut off, experience only shapes colors and energy patterns.

This happens to me during mushroom trip. So so well, this person only sees that really during mushroom trips. But but yeah, but it only seems to make energy and color patterns. 

Right. Yeah. Well, the mushroom trips, LSD, DMD, all that, I consider the mental lubrication the epitome of, let's say, a sage or a good way to whatever guru or whatever is to do that without the lubrication. 

Right. You know, without that extra. In other words, you're doing it anyway.

There's just too much friction for you to to to say that it's the it's operating properly. Right. So you add the mushroom, you add the whatever. 

Right. Let's call them what hallucinogenic. They're like lubrication.

And so the resistance, the friction of being able to get into that realm is eliminated, they're not really doing anything. You know, the LSD, the mushrooms, the psilocybin, all that stuff doesn't is not what's causing you to the different mind, the hallucinogenic or the different state of mind. Right.

It's a component that the body requires when you can't do that without it. Right. So either way, it's fine.

But this it's a very easy scenario. You can't stop it because it's like a river. If you if you eliminate it internally, you'll still notice it passing by and you'll reject the thought.

It's kind of like stopping a river. You can't there's an old saying you can't stop a river, but you can pull yourself away from that river. And the way you do that is when the body is still, the mind starts going fast.

That's why a lot of people, when they lay down, their mind starts racing what happened all day or what they're going to do tomorrow. Right. Now, when you're physical, when you're when you're doing physical work like jogging or construction or whatever, your mind, it you can't mind really quiets down.

So when the body is active, the mind goes quiet. Right. You'll see this in movies all the time.

There was a film I was actually describing this to someone and watching a black and white film back in the 30s when doctors were just regular people. Right. And this couple brings their young child to the doctor's house to have it checked out, and he's not home.

But then they hear hammering on the roof and the doctor's up there fixing his roof. Right. OK.

Because you could. And they're explaining from the ground what's going on. He says, I can't think about what you're saying right now.

And I'll be right down because I'm working right now. You see exactly that. Right.

So someone running a marathon or doing physical activity or a UPS driver, that's hustling to get everything delivered out of the truck and not think about other things. The mind actually they can, but it's very minimal. You can try it. 

Start doing physical activity. And you still will have thoughts if you know that mental internal whatever come up that you hear that's not really your voice anyway. But they're easy to reject.

It's easy to push out and have a very clear mind while you're doing physical exercise. That's why in ancient Greek philosophy, a lot of thing was met their artist on means like do everything in moderation and be our style, you know, which is very high up on it. So the physical part, the physical gymnasium of the body, the gymnasium or the working out of the body quite helps the mind.

And then the other way around also working, working things out when the body is quiet in the mind, then the stress levels and you know how to direct the body. The body needs direction from the mind. Right.

So you need to do both. It's OK to let a lot of thoughts. If you can't clear the thoughts out of your head.

The advice I give people is now that we can surmise mostly they're not your when it's when the thought sounds like it's in your voice in your head, it's not you. All you do is start thinking or tell yourself when the thoughts are there. What did you say or what do you have to say next? And then they stop soon as you acknowledge it from a third party perspective.

You can even say it out loud. The voices stop because they don't want to be acknowledged that way. Right. 

They're external. There is some you know, you're being messed with. Walter Russell used to have a thing.

He dealt with it by just getting up from his desk or whatever he was doing and walking up to the door, holding onto the knob and open door and saying, get out and then slam the door. Right. Right.

I mean, that sounds pretty nutty, but that worked for him. But he never got into the stuff we're talking about. And either did. 

I don't know if Steiner did. But I can't stand Steiner. Like if I met him, I'd probably punch him in the face.

And he'd say, what did you do that for? I said, I don't know, because you just look like you deserve that, you know, for no reason at all. I'm not that I'm not a violent person. I'm just saying he's too airy fairy or whatever.

But if you read Steiner or whatever and have someone else read it and give you all the salient bullet points, that's what you want. You don't want to go through his. I don't. 

I can't. I just because you know what? He didn't know a lot anyway. He didn't know a lot.

He got he got he put himself on a track that worked for him and to get followers and all that. And it's fine. You know, this is where Ken Wheeler says like Tesla never defined a field.

Right. And he's true. He never did.

He didn't know what if he couldn't define a field. So there's there's there's something for everyone and everyone, like I said, I've been interviewing people now for a couple of months on and off about working on building scale orators and stuff. And the first thing I ask them, what's your superpower? Could you imagine someone from the corporate world on an interview? You know how they get prepared.

And the first question they get is, what's your superpower? Boy, did you know how far I threw them off? Right. You ever see a woman that, you know, she's got her best outfit on or whatever. She gets out of the cab to go into the venue and her heel breaks off.

You ever see their face when that happens? They're like, oh, shit. Right. Or can you imagine with that? This is what this is what I do to people on that, because I don't want the pre-made stuff.

I want to know what you really and if everyone's. So when I ask people, what's your superpower? Aren't I by presumption, at least presuming that everyone has a superpower? Yes, I am. You're right.