Okay, Sonic Event 199, Rated Y, here we are. Greek, a little confusion because we did lose Skype, RIP Skype, the other day, but anyway, how are you doing? Yeah, I'm all right. I'm on the laptop, the old setup.

It's fine. I think we're going to go to Jitsi, practice that, I have to get another phone because it doesn't support this or that. It's crazy.

I just want to mention it's crazy. Today I got confirmation I could draw funds on the lab and all that, and as soon as I got that message, the washing machine breaks, the car computer burned out, yeah, this happens all the time. I think I went over this, the frustration when I was building the Scalarator.

By the way, it's the one year anniversary for the Scalarator. Where are the chances of getting funding for a lab for the Scalarator exactly, I'm sorry, and the two year anniversary exactly on the day, right? Even so, getting funding for something like that within two years is one of those wet dreams usually for somebody. It is.

It is. Yeah, and that's just because it works really well. The Scalarator is a wet dream, by the way, in its own right.

There you go. Well, that was the double entendre there. Yeah, that's right.

Anyway, let's get into questions, but everything, yeah, it's like someone who was running this whatever, is always like kind of, and I sound like whatever, they're putting the thumb on me. It's like, nah, we don't want you moving too fast, so we're going to burn out your car computer and break your washing machine while you're doing a load, and we're going to prevent you from getting on the audio because you have a DAC, a high end DAC plugged in, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I'm like, you know, screw you.

Well, it wouldn't be memorable unless they were screwing with you a little bit, and you know, the funny thing is I tested this with three different people yesterday, Jitsi, just to make sure that it was an easy connect audio wise, so I connected with three different people that are just, you know, subscribers, and I ended up talking to them, and it was very easy. It was very simple. They were on video.

I didn't even need the video. We're talking this and that, and they wind up talking to me quite a while, and I'm like, oh, this is no problem. All I got to do is send a link to the Greek and done, and it was my fault.

Yeah, I had a homemade DAC plugged in that takes control of the sound card, so no matter what adjustments you make in the settings, it doesn't override it until you unplug the damn thing, and I had to do one of those Terminator scans on it, like, what the hell is preventing this? It's got to be that, and yeah, okay, so let's get into some questions. Yeah, meanwhile, on my end, I'm just saying, I was sitting here trying to scan everything and going, what the hell did I do wrong, and I couldn't find anything, and I'm going. Yeah, because it's always your fault anyway, right? Well, I assume that, to be honest with you, not just with you.

I just always assume it's my fault. Anyway, it doesn't matter. Let's not get into that.

Who cares what I think? Here we go. Can Greek comment on if antagonist relationships in the realm of nine-star key work, okay, this I didn't quite understand, but I guess, can you comment on antagonist relationships in the realm of nine-star key work, which is a reference to an earlier Sonic where you talked about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely.

I've been in them, and it feeds, what it does, antagonism would be like metal and earth because metal cuts earth, right, so, or wood and fire, right, imagine wood and fire, right? So who's the winner in that one? Guess. The fire. Fire consumes wood.

So, you know, the metal consumes the soil, the fire consumes, so that's how that would go. Well, unless you have ridiculous proportions, obviously, if you dump, you know, eight million pounds of wood on top of a campfire, yeah, you know, fire loses it. Because they're in a relationship one-on-one, it would be a parity on the allotted, you know, amount, right, it would be how much one can do, so, and of course, if your water and someone else's soil, you're going to make mud, right, and now it's not always like that because I'm giving the Western perspective on these things, you know, like, for example, when we want to show something alarming, we use red in the West, and something sickly, we use green, you know, in, or whatever, it's the opposite in the East, right, like red is good luck, or here, it's warning, right? Yeah, let me add a question from a different listener, which followed up to the original question, which will fit with what you're talking about right now, can Greek also explain why nine-star key astrology would be a better system for looking into someone's life than Western astrology, Vedic astrology, and other systems? Sure, sure, it would be like asking Spock that question, not because I'm Spock, but asking a Vulcan that question, because nine-star key did not come about through just like geomancy and, you know, reading tea leaves, for about two or three thousand years, there were people by imperial order assigned multi-generation to go and scour the cities and the countryside and keep records and statistics, and at the end of the year, like a census, they would compile all this information they gathered when people were born, when they were born and all that, and see what the tendencies were, these are not presumed, this is all gathered like statistical data, believe it or not, it's not like reading tea leaves and someone said some psychic, well this is it, you know, no, no, this stuff is based on what you would call science today, what science should be, gathering information, collating it, making a report.

Well, because logic is a much more sensible system is how Spock would respond, yeah, okay. It's not presumptive, in other words, it's by using averages, you know, people that have a mole on their left cheek, what is their life like, when were they born, you know, like people who have a mole on their left cheek, they can't be very difficult to manage other people, they're usually introverted, they might be good artists, you know, but if you make them like a manager of a Starbucks, the business will go down, it's just a damn mole on your cheek, right, stuff like that, that they looked at, and because the nine star key stuff that we get, like in these little, someone very graciously sent me a little paperback book, and I'm very gracious by looking through it, but I'm like, oh, this is just like a basic of the basic, imagine the cliff notes of the cliff notes, right, like if you had a book that was 2,000 pages thick, can you make a 15 or 80 page cliff notes, it wouldn't do it justice, right, you would need at least a 400 page book to tell you what's going on in a very information jam-packed 2,000 page book, so, but with nine star key, we get the most basic of the most basic, but it doesn't mean we're lost, we have an outline, and then you can keep digging and researching further, unfortunately we don't have good libraries to go to anymore that house this information, and the internet's becoming a wasteland, so all I can say is do the best you can, right? I'm actually going to make a bit of a trip to the local library soon here in Macon, Georgia, I want to see what condition it's in, and see what they're doing there, because I've heard stories, so I want to go check it out for myself, and see, because I haven't been to a library in many years, ever since I moved from the northeast, anyway, I was just letting you know that, so I'll report on that when I come back, and maybe we'll have more to discuss, so here's Let me tell you, I spent a lot of time at the main library in New York, and the one that was built in 1902 on 42nd and 5th, which is a great place, even for architectural students, even if you're not going to read a book, just go look at the architecture, but where I sat, I was like, I used to tell guys, you know, you want to go meet girls at bars, man, go to the library, they have the cutest librarians, but anyway, I was 20 years old, 21, 22, so about 27, but not all of them, you know, some of them forget to shave, but anyway, what I mean is, when I got used to that experience, and there's a big major library in Brooklyn, which is also very good, not as good, it's right there at the Grand Army Plaza area, Park Slope, the major one there, which is very, they have an excellent Egyptian display, all this other stuff, and that was, they have the books that no one wants, you know, and one of the books I took out once from the Brooklyn one was the Ten Worst Popes of All Time, that's when I started really realizing how everything is backwards, but what I want to say is, when I came to Tucson in 98, I said, like you said, let me go check out the library here, right? So I walked through, it was like, nobody there, and I was looking at what they had, and it's basically like school textbooks, right? And I'll tell you in a minute what I think of that. And suddenly a librarian comes out and says, oh yeah, I told her, you know, I'm from New York, moved to Tucson, and I was, she goes, oh, okay, everything on this side is fiction, everything here is non-fiction. 

I looked at her, I said, darling, based on what I've seen so far, everything you have is fiction, you know, because remember, because the books that they were showing and the non-fiction were like college textbooks, which are fiction, right? Bullshit, right? And I was like, darling, everything you have is fiction, and I walked out, never been back, there's no reason to. You know, I can recognize a college textbook, you know, from a mile away, I could smell it, you know, it's all propaganda, right? So anyway, that's what I think. I hope you don't find that at MAKE, and I hope you find some old stuff. 

No, I hope so too, because that, the chances are, you might, here in the South, you know, it depends. It could be high quality or low quality. Very high, very good chances of finding it. 

So anyway, another comment here is, the stuff from Walter Russell I read was mind-blowing. Funny how they describe him on the Wikipedia page as an, quote, American artist. It looks like very little credit was given to him for his work as a scientist. 

Well, because who gets more money? Okay, remember years ago, people asked me about CERN? You know what CERN is? It's like, remember that show Pimp My Ride? Oh yeah. Yeah, it's kind of, what do you remember about, if you were to explain it in less than 10 seconds, it's kind of gaudy or bodacious, overdone. You put crazy things in a car, where they were putting televisions and fish tanks and jacuzzis in a car. 

Yeah. Right. So what CERN is telling you is, ha ha, we have access to the credit system and you don't, which is unlimited money, right? That's all there, right? So do the artists say that? Do the artists say, ha ha, we have unlimited access to the credit system? No.

They keep them what? What are they, what do, how are artists described? Starving artists. There you go. Right. 

So, so when they put him in the category as an artist, right away, you're like, eh, I'm not impressed because what impresses people? What was the whole purpose of Pimp My Ride? Oh yeah, just to show your wealth, to be impressive. Exactly. You had the unique. 

Yeah. And what's the whole purpose of CERN? Same thing. I've told people over the years, and if you ask me to prove it, I can, but I won't. 

Now I'm too much in another direction. I can do what CERN is doing on a desktop, like a benchtop, like in my kitchen, you can do the same thing they're doing. You don't need that scale. 

Right. Um, very simple if you understand the principle of what they're doing. So, um, like for example, and I'll just end it right here. 

Everyone talks about the speed of light. Okay. But no one talks about the speed of magnetism. 

Don't touch it. It's a hell of a lot faster than the speed of light. And what are they using to drive CERN? Magnetism. 

To do what? Right. You can figure out the rest of your, you can do that irrespective of scale. So anyway, just like Pimp My Ride, do you really need your car to be done by Pimp My Ride to have a good car functioning? No, not even. 

Absolutely not. Yeah. So actually there was a YouTube channel that would follow the Pimp My Ride cars years later and like half of them are in junkyards. 

Literally. Mostly. Yeah. 

Right. Yeah. You've seen that. 

So, uh, yeah. All right. What else? Okay. 

So here's the last one. Uh, does the Greek have thoughts on the concept of controlling one's own environment by strategically and intelligently selecting colors and color schemes on walls, clothing, et cetera, to create circumstances and encourage things to be much like they used to do in institutions when they wanted to, uh, impress upon the inmates, calm and stuff like that. Is there a way to sort of adapt a color scheme or a color wheel to create certain results automatically or to encourage them in one's own environment? That's the question. 

Yeah. I would research Abraham with an I, Kareem, biogeometry, synesthesia, dowsing, radionics, uh, like back to the prisoner thing. I mean, you know that it's a fact, uh, well, I haven't done it. 

I haven't looked into it much, but I keep, keeps popping up that if you surround someone with the color pink, you typically, um, they become 10 to 20, 20% weaker muscularly if they're surrounded. That's why one of the football teams, they painted the visitors, a locker room pink. They thought it was should be demoralizing. 

It was more than that. Now, what you learn from Abraham Kareem is with biogeometry, there is each, a lot of people mistake this with the feng shui or what they call feng shui, uh, that the wall should be different colors like black for the North whatever for water and wealth and red. And, um, you don't have to do the entire wall. 

So if you determine through your own geomancy, which is literally means the study of the earth and that type of, let's say, we might call in quotes, divination or dowsing. If a room needs red, for example, you can make a small two by two inch square red square and put it underneath a picture. It doesn't have to be visible. 

Just the presence of that red in that direction is fine. Just to give you an example, the same thing works. This is like not a segue, but it's the same subject. 

Smart meters affect some people, right? Like they get this acute tinnitus. Some people get nauseous. Some people come down with physical. 

It's not everyone right now, just like for example, cell phones seem to be harmless. But once I was on a cell phone for nine hours and I did get the side of my head did feel like it was cooked. Yeah. 

Right. So what I tell people for smart meters is if it's on the wall of the house, which it usually is, what you do is you put a mirror behind between you and the as close as possible to the smart meter. So if the smart meter, let's say, is on the wall of the back room of your house and you find out where that is on the inside, you just put a mirror up on that area where the smart meter is. 

But the mirror is facing the smart mirror, the smart meter, not the inside. So inside the room, all you see is the back of the mirror. Ugly. 

Right. So you just cover that with another picture. Right. 

You know, years ago, that works reflecting the energy back out. Right. Years ago, you brought this up on an on a Sonic and Ocelli in the Greek, and I passed that along to a handful of people and they reported back to me that it worked actually. 

Yeah, they felt the difference. Yeah. Yeah. 

They felt the difference like immediately within a day, the problems they were having sort of started to go away and they play strategically placed mirrors for a couple of different reasons facing outward. Like basically it's up against the wall. And like you said, just put a picture on the back of the mirror and boom. 

Now it's a decoration and it serves a purpose. It's it's hidden. Yeah. 

And it's hidden or buried. If a new new construction, put it in the wall. If it's a new if you know the meter is going there, I mean, new construction, it's framed out. 

Right. Go ahead and put it inside the wall. Yeah. 

But that would be that would be the most hidden way nobody would ever see the thing. Exactly. Or if it's mounted like we have a gas meter like that and it comes out of the ground, it's two inches from the wall because it's connected to the ground. 

You just go outside and put the mirror between the outside of the house and the meter. I actually have a bunch of old mirrors. I used to save them. 

You know, when my wife first met me, I was living alone and she thought I was narcissistic or whatever, because all the mirrors I had and I said, those mirrors are strategically placed, one opposite the front door, one here, one there. You know, she's like, oh, really? You know, I thought you just like looking at yourself. I'm like, yeah, that that's another story, though. 

But no, the mirrors are there strategically, you know, again, like the nine star key and the colors in the room change energy. The simplest way is, you know, the the idea in Feng Shui or Feng Shui in Chinese, which means water, wind or water, earth, water, wind, typically a mirror of any size. It could be a mirror, an eighth inch in diameter, which wouldn't be qualified as a mirror because some of these office pens have a shiny tip, right? That is an eighth of an inch in diameter, right? Just opposite the entrance door. 

What the story behind that, that they told the base people back then is that if a demon wants to come into your abode, the purpose of the mirror is the demon is so ugly, he'll see the mirror, get scared, right? And then run out again. That's what they told the simple people, right? He'll be scared of his own image. So that's how I tell people, you know, basically, but it has a lot to do. 

Remember, I said the gods are humans or humans, people or like people, but they just have higher tech. They get away with saying they're gods because whatever, right, you know, so the tech of the mirror, like what we consider harmful from smart meters, has always been around and always used for people or against people or certain groups against other groups or for benefit of some, all this technology we have has always been around. And I've told people in the past, you can't show me any time in history, if you really study any society that did not know about electricity, everybody knew about it. 

It was just not used. Like, for example, I don't want to get into a whole thing here. But cell phones, cell phones were invented in the 1930s. 

And anyone with a truck that ran along highways that had the lines had what looked like a regular phone receiver in a box. And they were trucking and they would pick up the phone. And as long as they're on that highway, there were telephone radio lines along the highway and they can make a phone call to their dispatcher. 

Where do you want me? This is where I am. This is where the package is good. It was very common. 

And actually, there are YouTube videos, cell phones in the 1940s, films in the 1930s and 40s. About that you see a trucker on the phone, but it looks just like the hand receiver that you and I grew up with, right? Landline, right? Yeah. And then what happened in the 70s that they had too much control over the truckers. 

They said, screw this stuff. Let's get CB radios. We're independent. 

Now we can communicate wherever we go. Remember the CB craze in the 70s, right? They even did a movie called Convoy or whatever based on it. It was about the CB radio was a representation or an expression of a form of rebellion. 

The Citizen's Band, which some people got bases and they could communicate with people over long distances. There was all kinds of stuff going on. But what happened in the 70s, you see, it was a rebellion. 

If you look at the films that were done around it, it was like they were rebels. Why? Because then they can get off the main cell lines. I told this to people years ago. 

I had a client. They had these twins and they said, these twins are special. They're really smart. 

They were raised by nannies and all that. And I asked them, OK, if they're so smart, they're like five years old boy and girl fraternal. I said, they're always watching TV. 

And the parents said, we don't want your services anymore because I told them, don't let the TV raise your children. Right. They didn't like that. 

Right. But someone's got to tell them. Right. 

Well, I asked the little children, do you know when you're considered geniuses? Yeah, we're considered geniuses. I said, when was it? How long has the TV been around? It's always been around. Right. 

They didn't know the TV was invented. The electric TV was invented by Farnsworth in the 30s. They didn't know that. 

They thought it went back to the dinosaurs. Yeah, of course. Yeah. 

Because they don't know the history of it. Much like these young people now think that there was always cameras everywhere you went. So, you know, because that's the way it's always been. 

Yeah. Yeah. It's funny when you see there's actually videos I noticed even not recently, but even 10 years ago, some young people, they gave them a regular rotary phone. 

They picked up the receiver part, but they were like, what do we do now? You know, you remember the rotary dial, right? I was like, man, that's worse than watching a monkey trying to fuck a football. But anyway, yeah, true enough. Okay, well, look, fair enough. 

I think this is all very interesting. Is there anything else that you want to add for today or, you know, a bunch of stuff, but I think we're going to make this one super short. We'll make it up on the next one. 

How's that? Look, that sounds good. I want to let you know, that whole color thing, though, was inspired by an earlier sonic where you mentioned the color blue for repelling bugs in the yard. Oh, yeah. 

That was from a year. That works. That works. 

Just blue, any blue around light bulbs and the bugs go away because it's the yin yang principle. You can apply universal principle. You can apply principles that are like, how would you call it when something's already thought out for you? It's like eating out of a can, right? Microwave dinner, you know, there's a lot of pre-packaged stuff. 

Yeah. Do this and do this and you get that. That's fine. 

But I like using universal principles. By the way, I've gotten a lot of feedback you know, bugs around the light. What do you have a light at night outside the house, usually by the door? And all the bugs are there. 

What happens when you open the door? All the bugs come in, yeah. Well, if you put some blue tape or some blue color, electric blue works best, like the most vibrant blue you can get, cobalt blue, they stay away. Most of them do. 

And I've gotten a lot of feedback on that. And it works. That's based on universal principle, yin and yang.