Hey, here we are again, and Rated Y, that's what's happening. And Greek, first, how you doing? But second, I know you got comments from the chat, so we'll start there, but again, how you doing? I'm doing okay, and I'm hearing double, you know, seeing double. It's really difficult.

I have to figure out if someone knows anything about Jitsi. Why is it, on my end, I hear everything repeated twice? It's worse than an echo. It's actually duplexing at full dynamics, all right? An echo tends to be lower in volume, but this is just as loud, and it's twice.

So hearing you once is bad enough, Chuck. Twice now? God damn it, man. What the hell is going on here? My apologies, double.

Sorry. Yeah, no, that's fine. You know, I just had to say, you know, the setup was perfect for that.

So on the comments, yeah, on the chat, a lot of people are having weird stuff. I'll tell you, talking about why it's weird, and you know, I talked to those two weeks ago. There was something that happened in our reality, like a soft edit, soft reset, Mandela effect for everyone, but not a Mandela effect where everyone gets together and says, remember when this was this, and now it's that? No.

Certain things change. People, a lot of people are reporting strange behavior in people they know, kind of like invasion of the body snatchers or watch the old film was better than the new one. But the new one with Don, I think it was Donald Southerman in the 70s was pretty good, too.

Right? Remember that? Yeah, that was great. So I would say that this is a similar situation, but let me just tell you what happened today. This is happening every day.

All the cool kids wear black, right? When you go out or whatever, you know. So I looked at my wardrobe and I said, I don't have any black shirts, you know? And so I said, OK, I'm going to go to my favorite store, which is called Speedway Outlet in Tucson. And the reason I like that, it's near the Golden Ghetto, where all the wealthy people live in the foothills.

I used to live up there, by the way. And when they die, all their father, you know, I've mentioned this many times before, usually around giving background away, I go to the specific ones better than a Goodwill or anything like that. When these old people, they're alone in these million dollar mansions, not million dollar millions is not much anymore, but very big homes retired from being in industry in Chicago.

They have nothing to do here. No one wants to visit them. So they walk the malls.

Right. They even open the malls early at 7 a.m. for the old people to walk. Right.

I mean, you've heard of that. There's even a short documentary on that. I mean, because that's like extinct in most parts of the country, the mall walking thing.

But they still do that in Arizona. Yeah. Yeah, they do.

Uh huh. Yeah. So anyway, when the old bastard dies, the people come over from the East Coast, Chicago, New York, whatever.

Like, oh, yeah. Look in their chops. Let's sell this house.

It's worth five million bucks. And, you know, they do an estate sale or whatever. What about his wardrobe? Now, here's the thing about his wardrobe.

They walk around the malls and they go to dealers and places like that or Nordstrom's and they buy a bunch of stuff and they go home and hang it up and they never wear it. So I like going there because typically, you know who died because you'll see four or five shirts with the Nordstrom Brooks Brothers with the tag still on it and they're all the same size. So I'm like, wow, you know, this guy has the same build as I do wherever.

And this guy just definitely someone just passed away. Right. Is what I say when I see the rack full of, you know, so anyway, I go there to get some black shirts today and there's two high end black shirts, like a Nordstrom and a Claiborne with the tags on it.

Nine bucks, six bucks or like 50, you know, really expensive shirts, let's say, here to buy shirts. And I was like, this is too easy. It's like I put an order in.

Since when do you put an order in for something, you know, out out there, you know, make a wish, let's say go out to a second hand store. And the items that you wished before you left your house are in a second hand store. Now, this is not unusual.

This happens to me quite often when I use Craigslist on that way. I need some wood shutters. I don't need the shutter. 

I just need the slats. So I think about it and I go to Craigslist in two days. Guess what? Someone's throwing out a wood shutter.

Right. On and on and on and on. Some people would call it a manifestation.

Yeah. Some people call it manifestation. But manifestation.

That's right. But I think it's more than manifestation or very different because I already have selected these two places. Manifestation is true.

Like, you know, you'd be driving on the road and see it on the side of the road. Right. You just fell out of the sky.

But what's unusual about this time is it's not in season. In other words, picking up these two black shirts. And I got some other stuff also.

And also other things that I've been doing. I put a man I've been manifesting things, but not in the way when when these things were mounted, the black shirts and a few other things manifested recently. It wasn't in the way where you're amazed or this feeling like, look how fortunate this is. 

And wow, isn't the universe a cool place? You know, nothing like that this time. When I got the black shirts and a few other things, it was like, of course, of course, of course. None of this amazement and look how fortunate, you know what I mean? There's a certain feeling you get when things manifest like, isn't it a coincidence? None of that.

It was like, of course, you know, there was no other way. Yeah. So I'm getting this thing that, you know, people say you ask for things and they manifest or whatever.

It's almost in a way now like you just ordered your lunch and they tell you to sit down and I'll bring it to you when it's ready. Kind of different when they bring you your lunch. You're not surprised because you just ordered a dummy.

They said that we're going to bring it. Right. It's very different.

Yeah. It was a general manifestation. I was just thinking, I think to yourself, you're hungry and somebody hands you the sandwich you wanted. 

You go, great, thanks. That's what I wanted. And you move along with no with no previous communication.

Right. Yeah. But this time it's different.

What's been happening the past week and things I've been coming up with, by the way, I'm always coming up with new inventions. And it's like, of course, it's not like, oh, wow, you get this feeling, you know, like this lofty feeling, you know, when you get really good news, how you feel. Right. 

The reason it's good news. The reason it's news is because you didn't know about it till then. Right. 

And it makes you feel in a certain way. So none of that anymore. Now it's like, of course, I mean, this is I knew this was going to happen.

I knew this was so it's a very different it's a very fine adjustment in what's going on. The other thing that I've noticed is that people that normally wouldn't speak on these things are speaking on them now. That's the other main thing that I've noticed, you know, the manifestations or whatever. 

But there's a few things the chat's been hopping lately. And when I say the chat, it's the what is the chat again, Chuck, please. Oh, it's the chat angle.

It's really in the Greek. Yes, that's right. Which, by the way, because I don't have.

Yes. Just really quickly for you listening on the Patreon, there is a link in the description to the Patreon to go straight to the chat if you're not familiar. So, you know, there you go.

Yeah, I've never been to the Patreon one. As a matter of fact, I'm not a sub and I don't have access. That's just fine. 

It's just fine. Keeps me neutral. And I don't know what's going on there.

But the Chitango one, Ocelli and the Greek Chitango dot com, I believe. Yeah, this is the chat I'm speaking on. Few other things going on there, things we brought up before.

There was a video from Middle Nation Shaheed that Ed posted. I haven't looked at that video. I really like Shaheed.

I'm glad I'm glad people are enjoying his stuff. He's always too political. I don't think he understands fundamentally how the economic system works, which I'd like to inject. 

What people don't know is the significance of the Federal Reserve Act, Section 16, Part 1, Chapter 1, 2 and so on. That is the fundamental. That means that if you go to the central bank to get their money, their private money, you have to provide collateral.

And when you hear that word collateral, people think I got to go hawk my ring or, you know, they own the car till I pay it off. No, no. Collateral for the central bank is the application that you fill out.

This is so hard. This is the basis of the entire financial system, other than the monetization of unconditional promises to pay the actual funds themselves, you know, with numbers on them come from the application. That was so hard for people to understand that because they don't want to admit how shitty things are, because how many times how many people have applied for something and gotten denied or applied or said you're approved and then they continue like business as usual and they don't even know that what they applied for had a dollar value and whoever whatever financial institution was handling that application got all of that and you got nothing, which is one thing I want to mention.

Slavery today through the credit system quantitatively and qualitatively is a thousand times worse than it was when you had a shackle on your neck and you were working in the fields all day. Now, on the on the sheet, I'll tell you what, on the balance sheet, because if you have a shackle on your neck and all you know is yes, no, sir, whatever, and you're picking cotton, sugarcane, bananas, working blacksmithing or whatever, you could figure whatever a blue collar salary would be today for an entire lifetime is the value of that slave. Right. 

How could that slave generate any more than that? Right. Right. So when I say because blue collars are doing labor and that kind of stuff, there are a lot of slaves, by the way, that lived in splendor.

They wore tuxedos, by the way, you know, and further because whatever task they performed demanded that attire and they ate really well and this and that. But let's look at a typical. Yeah. 

You're right. Gloved house guys and stuff like that. Yeah. 

Yeah. A carriage, trains, houses, homes, mansions, estates, all the way. So ships.

So when you look at what a blue collar worker does for a lifetime, whatever, a million bucks, that would be what the slave would generate in capital their entire lifetime. Right now, I assure you, whatever you've earned, whatever you've done in life or accumulated, if you've ever dealt with the credit system with corporations that have OC-10 and OC-7 access, which is the Federal Reserve window, right, which is not really a window. It's just someone who's authorized for the Federal Reserve to do this.

If anything, you've signed applications for schools, for college that generated the full amount plus interest over and over and over and over and over. I've heard people going and applying for five or recently five or six jobs, professional jobs that pay over one hundred fifty, two hundred thousand a year. And they all got denied. 

She got denied for all of them. I said, you generated a minimum of two million dollars and had to explain it to her. And it was really hard for her to get it, even though I had her all defined.

So imagine someone who's job hunting, quote unquote, I don't know, a hundred thousand median median salary, let's say, and they apply for five jobs. It's not unusual for someone over a period of several months to apply for 10 jobs online or whatever or in person. Right. 

It's not unusual. I've heard that. Yeah, that's that's a big amount.

Yeah, they've generated millions for whoever did this thing called job fairs. I've been talking about this since way back when I got a revolution radio about all these job fairs lately, right after the financial crash. This is after 2008, 2009.

What they're doing is they're trying to suck out, wring out the towel. They create these job fairs and all the big companies go there and they have thousands of people applying. How many are hired? None.

Ever. Why? Because they need the applications. Right. 

And they go to the Federal Reserve and they monetize it to make it even worse. The Federal Reserve says that once your application is collateralized, you can come back anytime and get some more. Wow. 

Right. So this is so the on the balance sheet, a typical citizen, resident, whatever you want to call yourself, human man, woman that deals with the credit system via applications. It doesn't matter what you're applying for.

Even an Ace Hardware rewards card, right, is an application. If you multiply that, how many times you've done that in your life and how much has been extracted? It's way more than somebody picking cotton or picking sugarcane. Right. 

I mean, you have generated most people have generated more money via this process, the application process than they ever will make or have in their entire life. So for the benefit of who? So slaves are receiving the application. Yes. 

So slaves have gone up in value. But who's collecting it is the question. Yeah. 

The greatest value is you don't understand how this works because what's beautiful about it now from to benefit the bankers. The beauty is it's been going on for so long that if you explained it, even on the radio or TV and show people would still not want to believe it. Just like I mentioned years ago, I spoke to a college professor about somebody else was arguing about the moon landings.

And I said, what if the astronauts came out and told you they never go to the moon? They never went to the moon. I would still think they went to the moon. Right. 

So most people would think an application is just an application. So that's why for 20 years I've been saying the population is toast. They're they're toast. 

Don't even consider it. It's what you're going to do. So anyway, I wanted to bring that up in terms of because that that's going to get even worse. 

And just to tie that in, you know, that Doge thing that Musk was doing. Oh, yeah. I when I first heard that, I said, he's just going in there perfectly pilfering people's QCIP numbers, which is the Convention of Universal Security, whatever investment protocols, because they could everyone anything. 

Look, how difficult is it really if you're in the in crowd with, you know, the cool kids to get Social Security numbers from people? Very easy, actually. If you get a ticket, a traffic ticket has a Social Security number right on top. Right. 

Of the ticket. So it's not that Musk needed the Social Security numbers. He needed the QCIP numbers at the Treasury issues for the transactions on how those Social Security numbers were used.

So now he can go in showing security interest. So, you know, I must go in and pilfered another like 15 or 20 trillion. And how do you know he was doing that? Because there's this thing called a guilty conscious.

What was he exposing? All this financial fraud while he's pulling the biggest fraud. You see now there's a lot under your eyes. There's a funny thing. 

A question I forgot from last time was somebody was, you know, looking at the Epstein stuff because it's been in the news. You know what I'm talking about, right? The Jeffrey Epstein stuff. Oh, that distraction, that's really bad.

They really that's really tasteless. It is. But they were looking at something different here because there is a part in his history where he ends up being a billionaire.

And before that, he was not. And the funny thing is, nobody seems to be able to know where it is he came up with this. So somebody including a mansion on Park Avenue, a duplex or something like that is what you're referring to. 

Like he was a New York socialite. Yeah, but he had a little bit of money. But then all of a sudden he's able to buy islands and his islands go up and like all of a sudden he goes to a whole other level, even if he robbed, you know, Lex Westler all the way through. 

Yeah, yeah. He's what he's what you call a straw man. In other words, he had people behind.

Straw man is an entity that you have to transfer property and show wealth, but it's not really their wealth. It's very similar to do you remember about a decade ago, a whole string of rappers came out and said, oh, that all those cars and cash and houses, you see, we rent all that. We don't own anything. 

We don't. We're really broke. Remember that? Oh, yeah.

Well, correct me if I'm wrong, but yeah. Yeah. Well, correct me if even better than that, though, was when Prince went on The Tonight Show or whatever and they go, oh, isn't this great? Mariah Carey made twenty million dollars and Prince went, yeah, Mariah Carey, you want me to really break this down for you? And Leno or whoever's like, yeah, go ahead.

If I sell 20 million albums, how much are you going to give me out of each album? And the guy, you know, Leno's knows nothing. He goes, I have. Oh, you're going to give me half.

OK, so if you were able to do that, you know, because obviously you see the look on his face. He's like, that's awfully generous. But OK, we'll work with it.

So imagine how many I got to sell in order to make that money. And if I've already sold 100 million and, you know, that's what they're showing on the books, even Mariah Carey got ripped off, didn't she? And like you hear this stunned silence among everybody. It's like, but everybody forgot about it.

It's like Prince told you that the money. Well, here's the thing. Following the money and all that stuff doesn't work anymore because of the straw man concept.

You put a front man up. Right. Right.

And by the way, I just went through the whole application. For example, Chuck, if you went out right now and applied real estate to and applied to buy five, 10 million dollar mansions for 50 million total. Right. 

And you're going to get denied for all of them. You know, you just created 50 million for the for the financial companies. That's the thing that I have a hard time wrapping my mind around, because I know most people do. 

Yeah, I mean, I'm being honest with you. I've listened to you talk about this and I go, how did the point is, I don't know how to access it. See, I can imagine how that works.

But no, no, no. You don't understand. You're going to say you got a homeless person that has access.

Let me put it in perspective. Yeah, there's a homeless person. I haven't talked about some interesting for the mob.

They needed a front man when the popular cordless tools were green before they went red and before they went yellow. Well, right. Because when you when you were in the black market, when you have a truck load of cordless tools, that's where the yellow ones, you know, that's the D wall, whatever is in vogue. 

This is in the day when the green ones were invoked, the Makita. So I needed a front guy. And I and they were like, you know, this is real.

He's got a chiseled chin. He's a homeless guy. Hangs up from the bodega on Vanderbilt Park.

And I'll go talk to him. And all he did, this guy needed was like a couple of good meals, a shower and a shave. And you put him in a suit. 

You could go sit down and, you know, whatever. Right. Like a Gary, a Cary Grant or whatever kind of face, literally looked a lot like them. 

Right. So I talked to him and he says, you know, I used to be one of the best pilots for American Airlines. He pulled out his wallet.

He has photographs. He had his he had his American Airlines pilot license, everything in there, you know, legit. This is my house in Nevada, you know, with a kidney shaped pool.

This is my wife and children, you know. And I'm like, holy crap. Right. 

So when I say homeless people, I know when someone tells me they met a homeless person, my accounts are very different because I've always run into homeless people that had one hell of a back story. Right. But let's say right now you run into a homeless person that's just down and out, never had any money, but they have access to their social security number.

They can go to any clean them up, stick them in a real estate office. And the moment they apply for a 10 million dollar house and get denied, the financial company that got the application has conditions is by filling out this application. You give us a right to sell this information. 

Right. And use it any way we want to benefit us. That's some of the common verbs that you see in there.

They take that application. It doesn't matter if you're has nothing. See, they got everyone brainwashed that what's your income to credit ratio, that your income is irrelevant.

They take the application and they get 10 million. It backs up the finances of the financial company. That's why when you look at this goes on the pro form, does not go on pro forma accounting, which means forward accounting.

This stays in their assets. Like, let me give you another example on how to how to think about this. Right. 

When you say you have a hard time with it. And I'll just say this publicly, it's because you don't think about finance, financial stuff or the financial world often. Just like, for example, if I start getting into right now automotive, what's the timing on this particular engine? And should we really do it at Top Dead Center or should we not? You'd be like, I really don't get that.

Right. Because you don't do mechanics talk. Right. 

Or many subjects. So the financial stuff is a subject that is not popular to discuss. But once you understand the financial subject and you see what's going on, it's way beyond any horror movie or what would you call it? Sci-fi movie. 

It's way beyond sci-fi, way beyond it, because it's not discussed. It's actually frowned upon to discuss. There's an old thing I'm trying to old saying that, you know, when you're around wealthy people, never talk about money.

Right. I think you understand that they never talk about money. Only poor people do. 

Right. So, yeah. So but the workings of the financial is very different because I'll tell you what, I have never met a billionaire and I've met quite a few that know how this works.

Not not a one of them. So and that's why, for example, when you go on television and I'm just giving a broad thing on what's going on that you're not going to hear anywhere else. When you go on television, they got these little short and long documentaries on these very wealthy people and they give they tell you a story on how they got there.

Bullshit. They're all bullshit stories. They don't even. 

Why? Because they're making up a bullshit story. No, they don't even know how they got there. They don't know. 

They have some kind of foggy idea that I was working hard trying to sell books. You know, I'm going right with that one. I'm working hard. 

And then we said, yeah, or whatever. Or we were working on software. And then suddenly the story falls apart because it's like there's no way.

How did you get from here that no one knows? It's like they're living their life in the fog and so is everyone else. Right now, the thing is, when you start clearing the fog so you can still see through a fog, the visibility is limited. But when you clear through the fog, you are able to see great distances and see more detail. 

And that's what that's where rated Y comes in, basically, because right now I could tell all the subscribers here, you, me, everybody you've ever met is living in a fog. There's ancient talks, you know, we're living in illusion. We see through a dark glass.

So to say it's totally fair to say to everyone that you're all living in a fog. So but the key point here is what is a fog? It's a cover. It's something that obscures.

How do we mitigate that? How do we get around that? How do we fix that? Right. There's many ways to do it, but no one seems to do it. Right. 

So again, with the financial stuff, it's very hard for you to believe. First of all, I'll tell you why it's hard for you to believe. First of all, you haven't looked into it.

And even when I looked into it 25 years ago, I was like, this is crazy. This is worse than any horror movie or sci fi. And I've been I've on the record on conference calls since the early 2000s and on Revolution Radio and American Freedom Radio back back in that time.

You know, your application is where all the money comes from. First one, by the way, saying this publicly over and over and over. And it was like, oh, right.

So where I want to go with the financial stuff. First of all, it's hard for you to get it, because when you look into it, even if it's written in stone and you have someone from the Federal Reserve explain it to you three different ways, you're still not going to get it because it has to sink in. The second thing is it's hard for anyone to get it is because who are you going to go tell? Who are you going to talk to people around you? They're going to think you're crazy because I filled out many applications.

I got filled out applications for the worst one. You know how I've talked about if you haven't dropped out of school by the eighth grade, you're a sucker, really. You really are. 

I mean, let's say you skated through high school. You better have been cussing out being there and damning that you were there. But if you believed anything past really the sixth grade or the eighth grade, you're an idiot. 

And they know that. And what they do is they make you go to secondary school, college. And what a fucked up mess that is, because you go to college.

What do you do? You apply to go to the college. The college sends that application. It has the same verbiage that I told you.

They're going to use it and they send it over, even though it's against the law, because the 1974 Privacy Act says anything has to do with education. They're not allowed to share. Right.

So you go to Harvard. It's that was at 50 grand a semester now or something like that. Seventy five. 

I think it's more like a year or so. Yeah, we're good. Yeah.

All right. So it's a hundred. Right. 

So let's say they ask you on the application specifically, how long do you want to attend for? Two years, four years. Masters. Why? Why? Because attending here, you're a sucker anyway.

But why? Because they want to know how much to ask the Federal Reserve for. So if you go apply for Harvard, they're going to go four hundred thousand dollars, pull that out of the Federal Reserve. And then when they got it, they're going to say, how are you going to pay for education? Going to get a loan? They've already gotten paid.

Everyone who's ever gone to college used to go back and subpoena and do a forensic audit on their application. And they will see the full amount plus interest was pulled. So you are a sucker if you did that.

Now, you didn't know. It doesn't matter. Right. 

It doesn't matter if you knew or not. Right. It's just like it didn't matter if if if they peed in the punch bowl.

Right. Did you drink it? Is the is the issue? No, I don't want to know. Right.

I don't want to know that someone peed in the punch bowl. But what are those creatures called attorneys always say? Right. Ignorance of the law is not an excuse.

Is that what they say? Well, and they're the most. Yeah. And they are the most ignorant of all.

Of course, I'm still haven't met any attorneys that know any law at all. Right. Even Supreme.

I recently posted in the chat that Senator Kennedy was grilling Supreme Court justice candidates and none of them knew any law. And whatever they thought they knew was really, really almost irrelevant to the question. He really like Jonah Bases put put as the senator put his foot up their asses, you know, deservingly so.

And I posted in the chat. See, they don't know any law because I've I've been in graced or disgraced being in the company of a Supreme Court judge twice, not once, but twice. Right.

At lunch. And to prove it, to prove it, I invited people. I said, I asked him, is it all right if I bring some friends over? Sure. 

Bring them over. Because he was 93 years old and I invited deliberately everybody I knew just to witness. If I say I had lunch with a Supreme Court judge that not once, but twice.

Can't catch your breath there. Excuse me. Yeah. 

All right. I'm fine. Choking on a piece of tobacco.

OK. Witnesses. So take a second to take a drink.

Let's say this. You know, the closest thing I ever came to that is I interviewed Henry Reid, you know, from the Roe v. Wade decision. So I've only ever been in the presence of somebody argued in front of the Supreme Court, not a Supreme Court justice.

But you've been in front of quite an interesting group of people. But what I'm saying is that even that sounds crazy, too, because people that are around those types of people say, oh, how wonderful they are. And I'm telling you, this guy didn't know any law at all.

One of the people asked him, what about jurisdiction? He said, well, if you're in my courtroom, I have jurisdiction. And a bunch of questions about law. And he says, I don't go about the law, about the law.

I make decisions. This is purely. All right. 

So what I'm saying, the financial people are going to be doing the same stuff to you. Like, what do you think this application is worth? Anything are you talking? You still have to pay for it. You want it for free. 

You know, all these distractions. Right. The only thing I can say about Henry Reid is that he was able to recount exactly.

And he did this because I saw a recording of somebody else asking him the same question word for word, exactly the same rehearsed response is what he gave to somebody else like a year later, because apparently that's what he was good at. And that's just a district attorney, by the way. Yeah, they specialize.

They specialize. Yes. That's why they ask you get an accident lawyer, get this kind of trial lawyer, get this whatever.

But overall, you know what the crux of the law is in America is that there will be the government or legislature will make no law that will interfere with the agreements and contracts. That's why it's always you agree, you agree, you agree. And they get stuck on that.

You know, the Ninth Amendment is the best amendment because it says they can't infringe on any right that you already have as long as it doesn't hurt anyone. Right. Right.

The Ninth Amendment is the amendment, by the way. Forget about the other ones. The ninth means you have all the other ones plus ones that you haven't even figured out yet. 

Right. In other words, the Ninth Amendment allows you to extend, let's say, cell phone use. Right. 

There were no cell phones back then. It allows you to apply the Ninth Amendment to the use of a cell phone in certain situations where you would be banned to now, let's say. Right. 

I'm not saying be belligerent. But you need to be at this point. Another thing that I'm mentioning is that the police are completely.

Let me just say it this way. You know, people. Oh, I was arrested by the police.

So the police came to my house. I thought, you know, the police is not a noun. It's a verb. 

Yeah. Do you know that? Well, it's not a noun. And now we've turned it into a noun.

The way I understood policing, by the way, was to clean up an area of refuse is to police an area. That's one of the police. Yeah. 

The history of the police has two two deep histories. New York, Massachusetts, New Jersey is Jersey again in the mix. Why do they have to throw Jersey in the mix every time in the old history? Right. 

But it's in there. And so anyway, a lot of immigrants. I think a lot of immigrants landed there because they looked at the city.

They said too many people. So they just drifted away from the city and said, OK, there's less. This is better.

It is. But, you know, it's in New York. When you're on the West Side, you see the Palisades, right? That's Jersey. 

True. Right. So anyway, they were looking for what they already had a police force set up private.

By the way, slave trade has always been illegal. I think I mentioned that. Right.

But for runaway slaves that were in North, that's what they're originally for. They were like these gangs, like just like bail bondsmen. You know, a bail bondsman can break into your apartment, wait for you to come home, hit you with a stun gun, put cuffs on you and bring you to jail. 

Right. If you try to skip bail. Right.

Or whatever. So, yeah. So got that from Jackie Brown, by the way.

By the way, that's what they were around for. And they were loose, loose knit groups. Very similar to what was that group before the FBI? The pill was a pill kit.

What were they called? A tip security. Pinkerton. Pinkerton. 

Yeah. Very much like that. Yes. 

Pinkerton. Thank you. So when the banks are becoming popular and lending money to the states and the cities and they started owning everything in the city, they were like, if there's a riot, this is our property now because you agreed to it. 

We need to protect it. So they gave money to these slave hunters like Pinkerton types and local police that were there to really go after melanated people, really. And they still are today, by the way.

And and they funded them by the banks. So it's a completely illegal operation all the way through and through. It's kind of like saying like churches are pagan, right? People don't understand that. 

Right. But when the more you look into it, the more you see how true it is. But my point here is it's really shocking to bring to bring out what's going on to the lady, the common people, because they'll see it as being uncommon.

Right. Knowledge. And they can't handle it.

That's why I've always said in Sonics, always forget about the masses. They're done. They were they were born to be done.

They're filler. It's kind of like when you go to the pet shop and they got the feeder fish and the feeder mice on one end. Right. 

That you're supposed to buy those little animals to feed to the other animals. Right. They're not pets. 

Right. You know what I mean? This is what the masses are. And it's it's gotten to that point.

But anyway, I just want to express these these things, because these two things, the legal aspect of how things are run is all by agreement, not by a contract, basically not by law. They could use the word law as much as they want. And when they say law enforcement, they mean they were telling you that because you agreed to it, the law says that nothing can get in between the agreement. 

Right. So but things are going to get weird with the financial stuff. They're not going to be repeating crashes, by the way.

You know how they had the crash of twenty nine, the one in eighty seven and then the 2008. Notice how different they all are. Right. 

You know, when people start making comparisons to the crash of the Wall Street, which was not actually in the twenty nine and they don't make comparisons to eighty seven and 2008. So the next financial pinch is what's what it's going to do. It's going to break this bubble that exists and there's going to be a redistribution and a devaluation of whatever.

Do you remember when we were speaking after Covid? I said, if you're not doubling what you're taking in, let's say you rely on what's called income. You better double it as fast as possible to be where you were before that. And it's not going to go back.

In other words, certain prices are going down. But the the getting the idea of things are more expensive. And I went through that in between the 70s and the 80s.

Remember, there was a time in the late 70s when everything got expensive. Right. Yeah. 

Let's say that way. That was stagflation. And I'll tell you something.

That's one of the most relevant things you ever said, quite honestly, is if you don't have double very soon, you're done and you're right, because that's exactly where we find ourselves today with the prices of everything backed up. And, you know, quite honestly, if you're trying to exchange, you know what they call currency to, you know, take care of the things you need, your actual needs. Yeah. 

Double double is right. And real quick, I wonder if we're looking at a financial crash, by the way, in twenty twenty nine, like we saw in nineteen. But yeah, you can't crash.

OK, it already crashed. It already crashed. So what you're looking at is credit.

It's so you can't crash credit. All you could do, like Greenspan said this, what you could do is restrict its flow. But when you restrict the flow of credit, just like the black market, you know, if you want to increase the black market, you make regulation.

You want to kill the black market deregulate. Right. So when they when they the way they're going to decrease the flow of credit is by denying people access to credit, but keeping the application and they themselves are going to get the front end loaded, all this tons and tons of credit, but they're not going to give it to the people.

And the reason they're going to do that, you're ready, is because when it's not distributed, you don't have inflation. So you're going to see financial companies becoming if you think they have a lot. Now you're going to watch, let's say, banks or financial institutions or balance sheet for the next few years is going to double and triple.

So let's say this company is worth 500 billion. By next year, it'll be 800 billion and then a trillion and a half as the credit is being restricted to the people. And what that's going to do, it's going to because there's less credit, the prices are not going to go up as much and they're going to have access to a lot more.

So they're going to be able to be very, very extravagant. This is how you hear that people get wealthy during hard times. This is how they do it now with the credit. 

Right. So one thing to do, I suggest to people is when you do applications, you have three days to send them a letter that you're retaining security interest and you want to have a meeting of the minds on it. Number one. 

Right. Number two, you give them an outline on how you want to divide the application. Doesn't matter if you denied me.

There's no look. What's the basis of denial credit report? You know, credit reporting agencies were started by a bunch of mom and pop. I think one of them was a mop company, MLP, that we close with.

Yes. Yeah. And what they noticed, what they noticed is back in the days, they're all people.

This is a while back. They started. But in the 60s, civil rights movements, when they bought the credit agency agencies and said, I got to keep these niggas from getting access to credit.

You know, that's how they that's how they think. Big middle aged white guys. So what they did was they studied the history.

And years ago, when there was silver and gold back money before the bank lent you money, they actually sent a foot soldier, a bank person, like a scout to go out into the neighborhood and ask the neighbors about your character. Do you remember hearing about that? Oh, yeah. Yeah. 

Back in the day, we're talking about back in the day. Now, they used to have a clipboard. He's from the bank. 

Don't talk to him. Right. You know, and the stuff like that.

So now what they did is, well, now with the credit, everybody's going to get access to credit. This is crazy. So let's create these credit agencies.

And yeah, one of them was a mop company. The other one was just mom and pop. And they're and they and the financial institutions give you that as an excuse.

I said, that's fine. You can deny me all you want. My my I'll return the denial back to you.

I'll sign that monetize that. And the other thing is, let's just talk about the collateral that you're holding. Unjust enrichment is the case.

So I'm kind of like overtaking the sonic this time talking about. It's not about money. It's about knowing how things work, which can easily lead into the body, the human body.

Let me just mention another thing. I've been looking up some people recently that I went to high school with. Right. 

Put someone's name in. And they most likely have a social media page, believe it or not. Right.

Yeah, true. And you look at it and then and then and then you see a fucking obituary for them, you know, heart disease. Are you ready for this one? Diabetes. 

Right. I'm like, oh, my gosh, I went to sixth grade with this guy. And he's dead because he trusted the medical establishments.

And just like the financial people, I assure you, you go to any bank or whatever manager you talk to, they don't know any of this. When you go talk to those medical idiots that your company tells you to go to or whatever, they don't know what's going on. They don't know there's no such thing as all these diseases.

And the treatment is actually the part of the mass poisoning. Right. They don't know.

But if you go, I can tell you who does know each hospital, you have the administrative staff. Right. And the administrative staff, based on the size of the hospital, has, you know, how many people there's always at least one or two people in the administrative part of the hospital.

I know exactly what I'm talking about, how the treatment, how they're killing people there. And that actually expanded during the covid time. A lot of the nurses and people that were working in hospitals when they were killing people in the hospitals with all these ventilators and drugs and sedations and all that there were to prevent a nurse rebellion or what you call a mutiny.

The administrative people came out and started breaking the news to all of the nurses saying, hey, if you like your job here and you want to make a lot of money, just do what we say. And guess what? A lot of them did. A lot of nurses quit also, by the way.

But but the majority, let's say 51 percent stayed, which is very dangerous. You know, when you think about 51 percent of the staff that works with people in the hospital are willing to kill you for an increase on their paycheck. Wow. 

You are living in one hell of a society, I should tell you.