Why Sonic Event 206? You know, I tried to shut off teams and the damn thing won't shut off. But anyway, you don't care about that. And the Greek doesn't care about that.

Anyway, Greek, how are you this evening? I'm sorry I didn't make it last time. We should have gotten together, but quite frankly, I was sitting here with no power in the area till like the morning. So a little break. 

Everyone got a break. Yeah. But anyway, sorry about that.

Here we are again. I do have some questions and stuff. But before we go there, I know I already mentioned this to you, but let's go into it.

This is weird. Facebook. There's apparently a Greek speak Facebook page.

And I asked the listener to please provide me with a link, but I can't find it because it's just, you know. Yeah, I wanted to get away from Greek speak because I want I get it. It's probably Sam, but it's spelled double E, double E, right? Not EA, not EEA.

So well, I have to imagine it because I can't find it. And the A.I., of course, rearranges it. So it's spelled properly.

And then what you get is Greek speaking nurses. Do you want to date a Greek speaking woman? Do you want to learn how to speak Greek? It's all about that. Yeah, it's kind of. 

Yeah. Yeah. But the thing is, the whole reason I started speaking back in 2010 on talk show and before that, but I remember I was regular on that was to get it to get other people.

Yeah. To get other people down with this info and have their own platform and do whatever they wanted just to get it started. And no one can carry the information that I talk about.

No one, whether it's biblical stuff, medical stuff, technical stuff. It's crazy. Yeah. 

There's some people that go deeper and more specialized, but the general stuff, I mean, oh, my God, is it that bad here? I think it is. I was just talking to someone earlier about traveling. I was like, oh, man, I don't I don't need to.

If I knew I could spend the rest of my life within 500 feet from where I am right now, I'm totally cool. There is no reason I don't need to see anything anymore. I mean, I've seen it all in that area. 

And that area provides you with everything. And that area provides you with everything of quality that you want. Yeah, absolutely. 

Well, it doesn't matter where you go. It's just slightly different. Now, if I had really like the personal preference, you know, when you go to a bar and they don't have the liquor you want.

Right. This is not the liquor I want. The liquor I want would be living on the California coast, you know, like in the Long Beach, Orange County area, where it's always between 55 and 85 degrees.

You know, 70. The mean temperature is 75 degrees. California would be the best place because when I had a place there 10 years ago off of Santa Monica Boulevard on Romaine, it was there in June and I was like, when is it going to get summertime here? It was like spring weather like this is this is summer.

Then I was out there in December and I was like, when is winter coming? And they're like, this is winter. I was like, holy shit. See, I love the Northeast for the change. 

I liked the change. I like the fact that the summer was special, you know, and and then in the winter, everything slows down. I like that. 

I could see when I was younger, I enjoyed the snow and all that. I got into some snow sports and stuff like when snowboarding first, first, first came out like the first snowboard. Right.

But no, I wasn't about the sports or anything. You enjoyed sports. I enjoyed the flow of life changing because, frankly, everything slows down, like I said.

Right. And it gets dark at a different time and people's attitudes change. You know what I mean? The flow of life literally changes, especially along the like, say, the Jersey Shore, which is.

Yeah, it's nice. I've gone on winter walks on boardwalks in the winter. It's kind of neat. 

No one's there. It's cold, chilly, crisp. Exactly. 

In the winter, you have places like that to yourself. Right. And you don't have all these annoying people.

You know, we used to call them. I'm sure you heard the term before. Benny's in Jersey. 

Right. Because they came from Bayonne, Elizabeth. We had bridge and tunnel people because I was in New York.

Right. That's that's the that's in the opposite direction. People coming from Jersey to New York bridge and tunnel crowd. 

Right. But but that's the thing. I liked the flow that changed because it changed.

But, you know, remember at one point when life on Earth was ideal, there were no seasons. No. So that's just a way to look at it. 

But that's fine. Anyway, what do you got? I know there was some stuff in the chat, by the way. I put in some comments. 

Someone's freaking out about the voices. Right. And they are real. 

It's just that when you notice it. Right. It's like it's I wouldn't call it hypersensitivity.

I think if everyone was sensitive to it, we wouldn't be in the situation we are right now with really anything. Well, we're in a battle zone. You got to be a warrior here. 

This is not a good place. This is a shithole and it's always been a shithole. And when it gets really good, they destroy the whole thing. 

Right. So I don't know what's supposed to be after this to positively like I could report back like Woody Allen said of dying was so bad. How come no one's come back to complain? Right. 

I'm not saying that. I don't know. But this I know what I know for sure. 

It's a shithole here. And man always does. That's called the fecal touch. 

You know, the Midas touch. Well, there's a fecal touch. Anything that's actually turned to shit.

That's just the way it's been. Always. Always.

Like, for example, the same people that are running the Lincoln that ran the Lincoln assassination ran. So running stuff right now with the with the covid and 9-11 and Kennedy, you know, like here's an example. When Kennedy was assassinated that night. 

Right. Seward. You know, Seward's folly. 

He was the secretary of state. He there was an attempt made on his life the same night in New York City. And also an attempt on Johnson, who was the vice president.

You said Kennedy and they called it off. Kennedy or say Lincoln. You said Kennedy, but you meant Lincoln. 

And yeah, there was a massive plot not only against Lincoln, but against Johnson, against Seward and against other cabinet members and some of the other cabinet members. The guys just walked away and chickened out, by the way. And people found out about it later.

Yeah, that's right. So that group that did it was like the Knights of the Golden Dawn, some people say. Right. 

Some others say it was this organization, Freemasonic. Which is why which is why I keep a photograph, by the way, of like five co-conspirators that were hung over it, because everybody says they're all patsies, I'm sure. Well, yeah, but it is as an example that, you know, the idea.

Because if you ask anybody that you know who killed Lincoln, they go, well, John Wilkes Booth. That's it. No, no. 

But that's what they said. Ralph Epperson did some research who's buried. That's supposed to be John Wilkes Booth is not John Wilkes Booth.

He lived to change his name and became a senator, allegedly. Yeah, that's one of Epperson's pieces of work that I actually enjoy. Yeah. 

And Epperson, by the way, lives about, I don't know, about six blocks away from me. He's still alive. He eats hamburgers and drinks milk every day. 

That's what his diet is. Which is wild to me, because, I mean, this guy was around, like, you know, doing shortwave radio with Phil Cooper, you know? Yeah, yeah. He was around in the 60s and 70s. 

His first books were in way a long time ago. I think he's pushing 90 now. 90, yeah.

He's got to be. He was filming. I was speaking at the breakfast club here in Tucson, and they would videotape it.

It was funny, once I was at the Elkhorn Mall, and these teenagers run up to me and say, Oh, wow, look, it's Stelios. Oh, oh, I got to tell my dad. I'm like, what the hell? These teenagers know who I am and know their name, and they got to tell their dad, like, I'm being accused of something here with children? What the fuck? Right? So they go and get their dad. 

He has a minivan similar to, like, the one I'm driving, because I always like driving minivans or using minivans. And he says, I got to meet my dad because he's a big fan of yours. He stays up late to watch you on TV because they would play Public Access.

Ralph Epperson's, he had, like, a little channel on Public Access TV, and I did about four or five episodes standing up and speaking on various things. And I had just gotten it. We're talking 2002, 2003.

And, you know, we're a population of half a million people here. They watch Public Access. I didn't know I was that popular.

You know, they recognized me, and it was fun. People were still actively using VHS to record you, probably. Yeah, it was VHS, and I have them somewhere. 

I have the stack of VHS tapes of all that. And I used to speak publicly before the radio, you know, or the Internet. Well, remember the American Freedom Radio days, he always made a point, Danny, of saying it's not a podcast, it's radio, right? Because it was live and this and that, right? Yeah, so I'm very well acquainted with Ralph Epperson and his ideas.

He's kind of stuck, though. You know, he researches enough to uphold the direction that he wants to go, but he doesn't want to go outside of that. Oh, right. 

No, he probably hasn't done an original piece of research in 25 years. I mean, he stopped. He definitely stopped.

I mean, I had conversations with him about ten years ago, and people were amazed I could even find him. I think I might have gotten in touch with him around then when we were doing the ONG. I asked him if he wanted to come on.

He says, ah, get my books, get my books. Yeah, of course. E. Plouby is publishing.

Right. Right? E. Plouby is publishing. Yeah, and actually I lost my copy of, what is it, The Hidden Hand? That was the one that put him on the map.

Yeah. The sort of anti-Freemason. Yeah, I wish I still had that, actually. 

I don't have a copy anymore. Anyway, so yeah, no, Epperson's a cool guy, but it's interesting, he ends up in Arizona anyway, you know, in that area. Yeah, he was not originally from here, I think, but he ends up here.

Yeah, I think he's a Midwest boy. Right, and Jordan Maxwell spent a lot of his life there, too. I mean, I know you got your views on Jordan or whatever, but you know he meant well.

His manager, Ivy West, who I would cook dinner for, she'd stay over here where I live, in the house that I live in. I remember where she came back from, Egypt and all that, back in the day, talking about all the underground cities that are near the pyramid there. You know, they're pumping the water out for like 20 years, and they have another 10 years of pumping and ground radar.

So Ivy West was his manager and all that. Yeah, but when he split from everybody, he was like living in, I think, what was it, Flagstaff or whatever? You're talking about Jordan Maxwell, his dying days was with Jeff Rents, I think. No, no, no, no, his dying days, no, that's not correct.

He was staying with a guy, and I knew the guy and everything, it was the whole thing. But he was living in Arizona previous to that, just before he got really, really sick. Oh, okay, okay, but I know that Jeff Rents was his son, so I think he had a heart surgery.

I think then Jeff Rents was, yeah, okay. Yeah, no, back when he had the heart surgery, right, but the last, like, you know, the killing strokes and heart attacks and whatever that took him. Yeah, but I've had several conversations with him going back and forth.

You can't say the Son of God is the sun in the sky, that's not in the Bible at all. Right. And it only works in English.

It doesn't work in the languages of preservation, right? That's like saying television is telling lies on your vision. Well, you could say that, but it's not what it is. Well, it is doing that, right, and it is a solar deity that the Christians are doing.

It's very confusing. I always corner him on what he talked about the Bible. He always agreed with me, but he would never come back and change what he talked about.

He mixed the Bible with Christianity. I said there's nothing biblical about Christianity, zero. I haven't found anything biblical in Christianity at all.

Other than the general time, you know, maybe several millennia ago in the general area of Southwest Asia, known as the Middle East. That's about it. See, the only way to make that transposition of English defensible is in that he claims that the English language was actually derived as a designer language in order to be the ultimate control mechanism.

So obviously they would build these things into the language itself. Of course. Well, anyone who knows German and can learn English very quickly.

If you know Greek, you can learn a lot of technical. If you know English, you know about a hundred, if not more, less than common phrases, suffixes, and prefixes in Greek, right? Bottom line is if you know Spanish and German, you can speak English, period. Yeah, and technically it would be Greek.

But if you do something like, 안녕하세요. 반갑습니다. 좀밖에 한글을 합니다.

That doesn't transfer very well. It's Korean, by the way. Yeah, that's the missing element there.

The Asian languages don't fit at all. Yeah, they don't like the Asians. The Western power structure.

But it's the same power structure that's in place right now that's behind calling the shots mostly and implementing like on the ground level. They're like the kapos. They're not the boss.

They're kapos, you know, the kapos. Because they can still get caught. The boss will never get caught.

So they're the ones all the way from the Lincoln assassination all the way to COVID. It's the same people, the same like lineage. Well, just like you see everything boiled down to, like I tell you the five corporations that control the media, the five corporations that control your food, the five corporations that control the medicine.

Well, quite honestly, there's five families that control everything. And, you know, that's it. Well, you could say that.

If you can even say five families, they're still kapos. No, we don't. I believe it goes up to a pyramid structure, to a small council.

Probably a small council would be 50 to 100 that control the earth, and they vote, and they have a chancellor. Because you always have to have a fulcrum, a pivot point. You know, every council has to have a head, right? You know, the guy with the gavel.

When everybody starts getting rowdy, you know what I mean? Well, you always got the chairman, and then you got the vice chairman. You know what I mean? Take a look at what they do in Congress, where you get screwed, obviously. And I always like that about Jordan when he brings that up.

No, no, no. I kind of like Congress. See, they create a – no, because if you read the consumer protection laws, man, if you – I mean, even the Federal Reserve Act, you know.

I mean, I'm not against the Federal Reserve. They spilled the beans. They don't care.

It's up to you, they tell you. If you know anyone that's high up in the Federal Reserve, you know, it's up to you guys, man. We – you know, this is how it's set up, and if you don't like it, talk to Congress.

They're the ones that approved it. You know, even though we threatened all their families, you know, if they didn't, publicly. I mean, not privately.

But, I mean, Federal Reserve Act, Section 16, Part 2, around there, says that an application for Federal Reserve notes requires a collateral security like an application. The application must have the amount requested for. I'm just paraphrasing.

So that's why when you look at people now being refused for loans, it doesn't matter. Like 42 percent of all mortgages are denied, right? Right now people are trying to get construction loans and stuff. Well, you know, the company who denied you, the financier, actually got the full amount and interest on it.

Go hold their feet. That's why I tell people, like Manson says, quit your job, man. Just go apply.

I mean, I think even around 2015, I was saying all you got to do is fill out applications, man. Be patient. Live with your moms if you have to.

Fill out applications and then go collect. It takes about a year, maybe two years. But you can generate, I don't know, I think if you're able-bodied, you could generate anywhere between $50,000 to $100,000 a week doing that, right? Well, see, now, if you don't have moms, then why not just get together a small council of people, so to speak, and work together? I tried that.

It didn't work out. So I have to go after certain individuals maybe that might be capable. I can't find capable people.

Well, who knows? Maybe, you know, sometimes things take time. I know you've found people that are more capable than you thought about a few things. I haven't found anyone for anything.

I'm doing this tall water lab on my own. Well, the water lab is- There are actually five principles involved in this whole thing that I'm doing, right? And we have a seven-figure budget, right? And I have access to six figures a week if I want it, right? And all that. And I'm the only one that dictates, but we know what's cool.

There's five principles. There are four other that agree. They all have their finger in the pot.

The medium-sized engineering company that thinks what I'm doing is the most provocative advanced stuff they've ever seen. And they're correct. And we give an example.

Two weeks ago, they dropped something on me that was like, how are you going to do that? I hung up. I said, I need a minute. I got off the call.

In 15 minutes, I had the solution, and we're prototyping it right now, and it works. I love it. I love it.

It's great. But you've got to know how to do that. You have to clear, you know, the yin and yang, universal principles.

If you've got all that shit in your head, you know, someone was freaking out in the chat about that, right? Oh, because the voice thing. The voice thing. It's always there.

You've got to shut that off. And remember, they're coming to you, right? So you can deny them. You're not going to them, right? So what you do, it's kind of like the John Mace thing, you know, when you have someone has psychological trauma.

What I do, the computer shows it very well. It's kind of parallel. You've got a page open on your browser, and you hit minimize.

What happens? Boom. It goes down to your desktop, right? Yeah. And your desktop, let's say, is completely blank, you know, or a screensaver that's blank.

That's what you do. So when you hear these voices, I get these thoughts. So I needed, in other words, they dropped an engineering thing on me.

And, like, the device that I make, you have to bend the pipe and all that around the magnetic reactor. And it's only so big of a pipe you can bend around so big of a thing, right? So I came up with another way to do the same thing. Now we could use any size pipe we want, a pipe that's big enough for a Ford truck to drive through, right? And I came up with that in 15 minutes.

How? I got off, and I was not in a panic. I was like, this is unreasonable. I don't need this shit.

Why don't we just work on what we have? There's nothing like it anyway. I said, wait a second. So all those thoughts and any incoming stuff, I minimized it.

I heard the thoughts. I was conscious of the thoughts, and I made them smaller and smaller and smaller and smaller until they got so small they were smaller than a pixel. And then I just shut them down.

And then it was just really quiet. And then something else tried to come in, and I grabbed it before it developed, froze it as it was coming in. It made it smaller and smaller and smaller and minimized.

Boom. Actually, when you minimize, if you watch the screen closely, it doesn't just shut it off. It actually has a shrinking effect.

It's very fast. It happens like a fifth of a second, right? Right. I think it was, what, a sixteenth of a second or faster.

You can't see it, but a tenth of a second, you can see. Almost a fifth of a second down. A third of a second, you could see.

Most thoughts happen in 0.3 seconds. That's why I tell people I would say no in 0.3 seconds. But that's how fast I make decisions, and we do anyway.

We just don't voice or express them for a lot longer. So I kept minimizing. More stuff started coming in, and I grabbed it, minimized it.

Now, the entities that are aware of what I'm doing are like, ah, let's leave him alone because he's just going to make us go away. And then you have this other basic emotional part, the emotional intelligence, the emo part, what emotional state you're in and where you want to go. And you start minimizing that until you blank yourself out.

Okay. And I blank myself out. And then suddenly I get this vision, boom, with an emo.

This is how you're going to build it. This is what it is. This is how it's going to – this is two possible ways to build it.

This is how it should function instantly, right? So what happens, that's universal principle. If you've got a lot of thoughts, that's a lot of yang, contractive, focused things. And to go outside of that, you're only going to be left with expansive yin, wishy-washy, airy-fairy shit if you're being bombarded with sharp, focused messages.

The only thing you can come up with – if you're being fed sharp, focused messages, the only thing you'll come up with out of that is unfocused, airy-fairy. But if you put yourself in the unfocused, airy-fairy and then eliminate that into nothingness, you're going to get hit with very sharp focus, very, very sharp. You ever hear about inventors? I was shaving.

I was in the shower. And then suddenly – right? Because when they're shaving or in the shower, you kind of blank out. Like if you're too stressed or getting hit with voices, you're not going to say it's time to shave, right? You usually do that when you're relaxed or you're in a hurry to get to work or something.

I don't shave, by the way. But either way, you're concentrating on that because you don't want to cut yourself or whatever, right? Yeah, that's right. You need to blank out.

So we're taking a shower or whatever. The noise of the texture of the water and all that. But it's a great example because it provides something.

OK, you have all the different interactions are kind of covered. You've got to visually deal with it. You're listening to the sound of water running, whatever.

It's a distraction. It's going to overrule the voices and all that. So you've taken all your sensory inputs.

But my point is here. You've taken all your sensory inputs and you focus them on one thing that has nothing to do with anything else. Like I'll put on music even and totally I'm lost.

Like the whole rest of the world pretty much disappears. If I put on some familiar music. If you're getting your music online or from a CD, it's tainted.

They already put shit in it. They put the negative stuff is every TV commercials. You know, they put die like every I think every 60th of a second or 30th of a second randomly.

If you're no one's going to sit here because you know how long it'll take to watch a 10 second commercial at a 60th of a second. Just, you know, 600 frames you have to study, right? And more if they squeeze it in there, they'll put the die. There was a woman, by the way, a while back.

She was doing a selfie and the TV was on in the background and she caught that moment. The phone shutter speed got it. If there is a shutter and it said die on the TV and she freaked out and I was like, duh.

When I worked at volunteering at a TV station here more than 20 years ago. It's amazing. 2003 Public Access TV Tucson.

22 years. They're one of the head engineers. There was like, yeah, they're putting some really nasty shit and we're trying to avoid it.

There was someone that works for an undercover. It was an army intelligence person that ran was assistant manager. They know when they put in someone into control or corrupt an organization, they never make him the manager.

Always assistant manager, right? And all that. So they're not the guy, the go to person, but they're lurking in the background. We found out this chick that was assistant manager was army intelligence, you know, and it was all you can't escape it.

In other words, you know, even a little small town thing, whatever. They've got their feelers. That's why, you know, remember, it was during the Obama years is over three.

They wanted to employ another million people in secret intelligence stuff. Right. They started with the right.

Remember, they were they were pretty. We need them. We want to hire a million people to work in intelligence in the US.

Right. Right. Because they were all spread out as infiltrators into different.

Yeah. Yeah. First hand experience with that.

Seeing these guys. And one of the special warfare centers is actually not far from where you live. Yeah.

Fort Huachuca. But, you know, Fort Huachuca. I shouldn't say.

Yes. During the Bush administration. Daddy Bush.

Pop. Poppy Bush. Right.

Early 90s. Yeah. They were doing some military stuff down here to do because, you know, Yuma is a testing grounds.

Right. For artillery. Right.

And it's the same latitude. If you go all the way across, you know, you all the way going east across Arizona on I-10. Well, even though they don't admit it, they also manufacture tech there.

But yeah, go ahead. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

You got it. And helicopters are in in Texas. Right.

Sure. They're on the. Yeah.

So I know someone who works on those modern helicopters in Texas. But anyway. That's how you get to Green Lake and everything else.

But go ahead. Right. Yeah.

So if you're if you're going across I-10 East, you're going to hit that Fort Huachuca area, which is an old fort and all that. Old fort. Yeah.

And anyway, what made it the intelligence? It's actually being the the head intelligence of actually all of the military forces. They say chime in there. That's publicly known, just like Cheyenne Mountain supposedly is for that.

Right. Right. Right.

For for air command and all that. But air command and also nuclear. They suppose.

Yeah. That was the Dakotas, wasn't it? Or that. Yeah.

That was in. Anyway. Yeah.

One of the underground bunkers is the publicly known underground bunkers is there. Yeah. So all this stuff is connected.

They're all fronts. So what is Fort Huachuca a front for? They ended up putting intelligence there because they found what they call Montezuma's gold there. It buried in the desert.

Spanish gold. Like when the Spanish started absconding gold from the the Mayans and the Aztecs. Is that why these lunatics were telling me that that stupid movie with Nicolas Cage was like real because they found all that gold in inside of a mountain? And I don't know.

What's on the mountain was on the desert floor. It was literally literally. Yeah.

But it's a mountain in the desert in that movie. I don't I never watched the whole movie, but people showed me clips and told me this is actually real. You know, blah, blah, blah, blah.

Oh, yeah. It's a story. But I could tell you, I know someone whose dad was around there when this happened.

Yeah. And it was it's a cover. But his car broke down as early.

I might have been early 60s or something. And this is why they pumped all the the resources into Fortu. Car broke down.

He couldn't get help. He decided to spend the night there. And there was a windstorm.

And he went out and he figured there was like a thing where he could move the car to like a dip to break the wind. And he noticed a metal. It was a brick.

And it was like, oh, probably an old building or something. But it was a brick. It was a piece of Dory.

And the Spanish, when they did the Dory, it looked like imagine taking a loaf of Wonder Bread and driving over it with your car. It literally looks like that. It's that long and it's really thin and it's wide like that.

Right. What is what a visual. Right.

But anyway, actually, I might have seen that in the parking lot in Bohac in New York when I was growing up. You remember what? Well, bounds in Bohac and shop. Right.

Right. OK. Make sense.

Yeah. So it's placed. I don't think they exist anymore.

But anyway, old supermarkets. And so it looked like that. And Bush, Poppy Bush was the one that boosted, you know, no one was supposed to know.

And he knew about it. And he boosted a lot of the infrastructure there because they're looking for this gold. And that's all I'm going to say about it.

I don't know what they know, but I know what I know about it from people that don't want to work with people like that. There's a lot of quote, unquote, patriots, people that have been third, fourth generation here in Arizona that don't want to work with the feds that were around for all this stuff. So.

All right. Well, look, let's get you just a couple of the questions, because you actually covered a few things and made it superfluous for me to even bother with a couple of things. But let's hit a few before you hit them all.

All right. Oh, the echo went away, by the way. For the first time.

This is the third time we're doing Jitsu. And the echo finally went away. Whatever happened, the echo went away.

Oh, neat. OK. Well, anyway.

No one else could hear it. So, you know, it's like the voices in my head bothering you. Right.

Fair enough. Anyway, for some reason, they were doubling my voice for you. All right.

So about the voices thing. Just a real quick aside. Somebody asked about if they use animals for positive or negative effect, do the same entities turn around and try and use animals to cause interference or to cause positive effects sometimes in your experience, you know, as part of the game, like between themselves.

Like, in other words, does somebody maybe play like, look, I'm going to get this guy to destroy himself. Well, I'm going to stop him from destroying himself. Well, you want to make a bet, you know, like that Star Trek episode where they were betting quat lose against each other and it turns out they were just brains in a jar, you know, that kind of thing.

Yeah, I think. Well, the animals. Let me just say this about animals.

Animals are important. You know, the sacrifice of animals and it's still going on today. If you know anyone who's an old head that's in medical research, they do animal testing.

Do you know? I think it's like 50 or 60 million animals die a year for medical testing. Right. Yeah.

All monkeys, dogs, cats, rats, pigs. More than that might be more than that. Now, I'm getting statistics that were from the 80s, by the way, when there was a big movement on that.

And if you work in there like there's no reason to put acid in a rabbit's eye and all that. And they're like, don't worry when we kill these animals, they're not being wasted. In other words, they're sacrificing them to their deity, a demonic deity, the medical establishment.

Right. Right. Now, another thing is there's a medical complex and I think it's Virginia, North Carolina.

It's like these very fancy looking glass buildings, four or five stories tall with like a five thousand car parking lot. Well, the center where Fauci was working out of for the, you know, gain of function research and all that crap, that was at a university in North Carolina. I think it's in the same place.

Yeah. It might have been something. It was a medical research there.

And a guy was doing admin work and he was behind me. They made his office smaller and he wanted to make a good report. And so he gets there at four in the morning and he had, you know, security clearance to get up there.

So he gets on the third floor offices early 2000s and he sees down these long hallways the doors open and the lights on and he's like, let me go check it out. And as he's approaching, he hears humming, moaning, groaning and chanting and he didn't even peek in. And a bunch of people sitting in there wearing black hoods, candles and chanting something.

And it turns out he asked around, he says, if you want your job here, don't ask about that. Right. OK, so I was like, you know, this is all people, all the stuff you read about.

It's very primitive. Like, you know, this is the thing, like with the engineering people, you know, oh, yeah, they always tell me this company's technologically is what technology you mean, like they're connected to the Internet. They have sensors, they have drones and robotics.

That's not technology. That's all that's been around since the 30s. They don't have any innovation.

Right. OK. Right.

You know, you think the brand new cars are the same technology from the 30s and miniaturized. You know, it's just a bunch of sensors connecting to radio, microwave radio, let's say radar from the 40s on the Internet. Right.

I mean, it's not technology. It's just old. It's not innovation.

Nothing new is. It's coming around, right, as a matter of fact, and I don't mistake don't be impressed by technology. Now, here's the thing that I when I spoke to people years ago when I was researching a little bit more what was going on with the medical stuff, I told my advice to them was if you're doing medical research, you need to go.

You're all being lied to. Right. You need to go and research what they were doing in the eighteen hundreds because it's all about induction, man, to make something contagious like it's going to fly through the air and it's going to get caught in your lung tissue and then go bore through your lung tissue because it can't go through your lung tissue.

I'm making a hole in it. Right. And then get into your bloodstream and multiply is a fucking Walt Disney cartoon.

Stupid. It doesn't work that way. It's by induction.

If you go and study, you know, because you don't know how to make they don't know how to make diseases. They have to boost them with technology. Right.

Let me ask you a question with technology there, because couldn't you make something now with these nanotech products that, you know, does literally do that? It's technology, but it's not innovative. Like, for example, there's nano graphene stuff. There's this thing called memory metal.

Do you remember that stuff? You crumble it. It's a thin sheet metal. You crumble it up.

Yeah. Hit it with a blow dryer or the alloy, depending on what temperature goes back to its original shape. Yeah.

Yeah. So what they do is they make these little tiny nanowires. Right.

The nanotechnology is not impressive either. It's just using pressure during the manufacturing process because they learned about pressures and making semiconductors and all that. None of this stuff is impresses me.

But anyway. OK. They make these little tiny coils.

So it looks like a round disk, but it's a coil. And at a certain temperature, it goes, bam, and it goes to its original shape, which is a long wire. So it cuts you on the inside like a razor blade.

So that's why these athletes were dropping dead when the body temperature went up. Right. Remember, they were dropping dead on the field.

Right. Oh, because the nanotech resumes its original shape. Push it.

And actually creates a blade. Right. And then.

OK. And then. But here's the thing.

But when they die, they're a cold stiff. Right. It may go back to the round disk shape again.

So they don't see it like that. Right. So this is like.

Cut the hole. That's technology. It's not innovative.

You want to be innovative. Make them make the bubonic plague. But they don't know how to do it.

Well, Greek, do you know how to do it? I'm not going to confirm or deny that. I don't even think on a private podcast. I have spoken about it on Skype, how to create a plague and you can't do it in the lab.

It's not done in the lab. It cannot be done in a lab. No, but from my understanding, it would not be that difficult to do, though, from what I've been told.

No. The setting is is is the setting is is you have to create the setting and it has nothing to do with it with being contagious via viruses through the air or anything like that. It has to do with the organisms that you want to put the plague on and they have to create the conditions and the condition is done by induction.

You know, and I think I think I might have hinted on that. It's not something that well, with certain people, it'd be very popular to talk about how to create a plague. Right.

Would be very popular. But I don't think it should be discussed. But you can't put it this way.

You can't do it in the lab. No way. No, however.

And you can't do it at home in your kitchen like you can make gold in your kitchen. Right. And you can turn carbon into iron in your kitchen, but you can't make the plague in your kitchen.

So this is what they're scaring people. Whenever I hear it got out of a lab, it's a lie. That's like saying that was like in the 70s, we used to make jokes about the Cubans, you know, on the airplane and they go up to the pilot, take this plane to Cuba.

Right. Yeah. Right.

So it was stupid cliche. So whenever you hear it got out of a lab, it's total bullshit. Yeah.

That's like the terror, you know, 19 Arab hijackers vaporized the World Trade Center with box cutters. You know, I mean, that's how ridiculous it is. Right.

So, OK. Well, you know what? Let's go to something that was related to a few things real fast and then we'll go to an unrelated question. And that'll be about it for this one.

I don't know who is running the Greek speak Facebook page. Again, this is the second time this came up to me. It's probably Sam.

OK. Or the Archon or whoever. All right.

But I want you to dispel this or deal with this. I don't do YouTube. I don't do.

Look, I have so many. We just interject. I have so many ideas every week.

Yeah. Little hints, things to do around the house. Someone from the.

I'll put up from the Paranormies. They interviewed Jason a while. I might be talking to them.

Right. He sent me an email. He says, I just subscribed to Rated Y. Man, your stuff is like a thousand pound breadcrumbs.

Right. You know, he listens to it. So I have little ideas.

You like, for example, OK, stuff I give over here, like tired, you know, dishwasher soap out again. Yeah, we bought some two weeks ago. Go get some more.

You know, if you dilute it in a spray bottle, that little bottle will last you six months. Right. And you'll lose.

Use less water because you need less water to rinse. You're conserving on water. You're conserving on soap.

Yes. Right. Less residue.

Right. Right. What I especially put a little borax.

You know that if I did a YouTube video on that alone, like the Greek fix Greek fixes it or something website channel, it would get three million hits. Yeah. I'd have a million subs in like a year organically, organically, not not, you know, buying subs and stuff like that.

And it would millions. I mean, then YouTube. I know they pay for every million views.

You get a thousand bucks. Right. Some other videos.

And for every hundred thousand subs, you get like forty thousand a year. Right. So that's why I go watch people like Tom NYC.

He's a tour guy. Starving guy. When I started watching me at five thousand subs, I was up to one hundred days.

No longer complaining about paying rent. New York. Right.

Well, that's a little get suppressed because remember, I sat at five thousand subs for like five years before they canceled my. Yeah. But it's not me or you or whatever.

I'm saying the stuff that I could put out would be so popular because it will spread like wildfire. Organically, the cooking stuff, just a little. And it would be a little two minute video.

Right. You know, the thing up to don't go more than 20 minutes. Screw that.

Two and a half minutes like that one bite review. The guy who does the one bite pizza reviews, two minute videos. Right.

He's he's so popular that even Joe Rogan interviewed him. Right. Yeah.

Well, to be honest with you, if you can make something like that fly right now, TikTok is the perfect platform for it. And you can just transpose it over to YouTube and have both of those platforms running and actually make sure more than enough. Think on that.

You know, you could make bank on that doing it. But I don't want to. Here's the thing.

I found out what YouTube was about when it started. Right. Right.

From people that like one of the people that started PayPal. PayPal wasn't started by one guy. Right.

It was a group. And they were interested in some things that I was doing. And I knew some people that worked with Homeland Security.

This that and the other. I was like, oh, this is a dirty organization. It's fucking dirty.

It's kind of like. And I look, I've stayed true to my word. Right.

I would not. And I've got the goods. It could go on there with with stuff that will just really, really help people.

But I'm not you guys. This is what I tell people. Anyone listening, go start a YouTube channel, call it whatever.

Take the stuff that I talk about here or O. And G. Little tips and tricks or whatever. And make it your own. Yeah.

Say, yeah, motherfuckers, I came up with this, even though you didn't. I would not mind. I would never say, oh, that was my idea.

He stole it. You know what I say about that? Right. Anytime you put something on the Internet, it's like when you wheel the bin to the curb for the British folks.

You know, if you you know, you know how you. Well, if you live in an apartment, the super does it. The management does it.

But you live in a house or whatever. You have garbage day. Right.

Right. OK, so you're supposed to take the can out to the curb. Right.

And and that's what putting stuff on the Internet is. It's like putting the can out on the curb. Doesn't matter what you're doing.

And it's on the Internet. It's putting the can of curb. Now, when people say, oh, I did this and they're stealing it because they put it on the Internet.

That's like putting the can out on the curb. Right. And now someone's going through your garbage and you're telling them, hey, that's mine.

Leave it alone. You steal it. You know what I mean? So what you're saying is you don't care if they take your garbage and sell it at the flea market is what you say.

But the thing is, I'm not putting out garbage. But what I'm saying, it's like that when you put stuff on the Internet. It's no different than putting the can out on the curb and then getting mad at someone for going through it.

Yeah. No, I was going with the metaphor here. You know, you put it out there.

It's kind of idiotic. I got it. If you don't want if you don't want it, but don't put it on the Internet.

And that's why I'm like, I don't want to do YouTube. I won't do social media or whatever. We do the Water Helix.

We did do an Instagram and a bunch of other things for legal reasons, I should say, for publishing reasons. And it's going to be pulled and all that. And it's just people.

It just needs to show a demo. It has to be published. It makes an establishment.

It establishes a trademark. That's already been established and all that. But yeah, you'll never see me.

Sam went ahead. And when they did the Archaic's interview, they plugged him in. He plugged himself in and he got all the attention, which is fine.

And he was getting 10,000 views a week or in 10,000 subs immediately and all that. And I don't care. I said, I don't care if it goes to Mr. Beast mode.

I don't care. I don't want I don't want anything to do with it. YouTube ever.

Right. And I never will. So, OK, fair enough.

But back to this question. But I saw the following book or feces book or whatever, you know. Oh, actually, I call it Fed book.

It's about how to manage the machinations of the world in the way that's required. End quote. Could you explain this statement a bit more in the next in the next sonic and a second question? What does it really mean to be wealthy in the reality and system we live in? Well, look from it's about desire.

If you have no desires, is it important if you're wealthy or poor, if you have no desires? No. In the Buddhist lore and culture, I don't know, it's called some sauna or something. I don't need to find the real.

But if someone wants to find out what it is, it's to release desire. And one way to do it is by agreeing with yourself. I no longer want to do that.

And you stick with it. The other way, you know, desire to want things right and experiences and money and anything you can experience. The other way to do the same thing is to gain everything, experience everything.

Have all the wealth in the world and then say, hey, you know, I did it all. I don't want it now. Right.

You see, there's two ways of doing that in that culture, in that philosophy, let's say. Right. Right.

So the the end of when you achieve that some sauna, whatever, when you no longer have desire, wealth or poverty is irrelevant. So when you say wealth, it means that you want to acquire everything to say you've had it and experience it. Because even what was it in? Orson Welles, Rosebud.

Remember in the end when he was the wealthiest man in the world, he just wanted that slay that comforted him when he was a time of unsure in his life like he already. That was like what I'm talking about. He gave up everything and he just wanted Rosebud.

What the hell is Rosebud, right? Throwing it in the fire. Right. It's like the guy who could have had the multimillion dollar contracts and entertainment, whatever.

But no, he's got his little ranch. He's got his dogs and he's fine with just that. So let's go back to the analogy and stuff I mentioned earlier.

Quit your job. Stop what you're doing. Go apply for things because the Federal Reserve, which runs everything, is telling you that when you apply for something, they will give the negotiable instruments or the notes or the quote unquote credits.

Whoever brings that application to them as an intermediary, the full amount. And, you know, when you go apply, for example, let's say for a mortgage loan for one hundred thousand. And it's a 30 year loan, let's say.

Do you think they're going to bring the application to the Federal Reserve for one hundred thousand? No. A 30 year loan. You're going to that house is going to be one hundred eighty thousand two hundred thousand in interest.

Right. Plus the one hundred thousand plus the closing fees, plus all the taxes, plus what they're going to put in escrow. So that they're going to put on that application.

They're going to jack it up to over three hundred thousand. Right. Federal Reserve is going to give them that.

And they're going to come to you and say, oh, your credit score is not high enough. Sorry, let's try again next month. We're denying you.

But the finance company has the three hundred thousand. So you say, that's fine. I don't see anywhere in Tilo or consumer credit action, whatever that the current score can use as a basis that shows that the application has not been monetized.

Here's the Federal Reserve Act. As a matter of fact, I need more information. I need GAP, which is a general acceptance of credit.

Accounting principles to see on your books. And if they're a public company, that's why you always want to apply with a public company. If you request it, they have to show it to you.

Meaning their private books. Like, for example, when you get a mortgage, give a mortgage and you go to a title company when the house closes. You know that the title company's documents always show the house is completely paid for on a completely done deal.

And then every mortgage payment is your gifting. It's a gift. But you still say that they could take the house when they want to.

Right. That's why the go to a title company and say, according to GAP, if they're publicly listed, I want to see the initiating documents. The first page, like when this property was brought to you to clear it.

Oops, oops, oops, oops. So what I'm saying is go apply for credit cards, go apply for loans or whatever, and give them a letter. You got three days.

Say, hey, listen, that application, I'm retaining security interests. And according to the codes, it's an unwritten code, but it's in the financial. You'll find it in the financial industry.

You get 76 percent. They keep 24 percent. Right.

When they run money for you. So this application I applied for this credit card or this house, 100 or whatever, plus interest, whatever, whatever. OK.

I get 70. That doesn't matter if you deny me or accept me or whatever. 76 percent of that, let's say, comes to me.

You can keep 24 percent as an intermediary fee. Right. But here's the thing.

What if you apply for a house or credit card or whatever and that you get accepted? They act as if the application was just you getting in the door and you got it right. Then they make you sign another piece of paper and another piece of paper. So even if you get accepted with the application, let's do something really simple.

Wells Fargo, five thousand dollar line of credit. OK. Let's say they accept you.

Well, you say that application. I want that applied. I want to leverage that towards the account.

So. So in other words, you just open the line of credit for five thousand dollars and you're telling Wells Fargo you want to take 76 percent of that five thousand dollars because they should get 24 percent and put it towards the account. Right.

So if you went and withdrew half of it, you'd have a credit of 24 percent of it sitting there after all this is over. Yeah. Right.

But then but then when you go to draw on the line of credit, you sign another document. And that's really a full amount there anyway, which is a check to you again. So this is how this is how the business works.

This is real business. And this is why when you hear this company is acquiring this other company for forty three billion dollars. I was listening to something recently, some business channel on YouTube.

So and so is trying to acquire them for forty three billion dollars in cash. And I like negotiable instrument bill of exchange. And then if you go read the case, because a lot of times they the cases are closed.

Sometimes the transactions are open. Right. Like if Coca-Cola does something, it's you can you can look around.

If you know how to look and sign up for it, you'll see the documents, the contracts. And it tells you they provided us three bills of exchange. You know what that is, right? Bill of exchange is you write on the whatever you write down and somebody signs it with a number.

It's good. Take it to the bank. Title 26 says you can do withholding and create credits.

So this is how real business works. So when you hear Apple's worth almost a trillion dollars, that means that everybody on the planet spends a thousand dollars a year with Apple. That's not how they got a trillion dollars.

They're selling little fucking stupid rectangles and computers. Are you kidding? It's all bills of exchange, negotiable instruments, IRC 522. So that's the way of the world.

That's what wealth is. That's how you want to gain stuff. But there's also a social order.

Right. So you got some homie that lives somewhere in Chicago and he's got a two thousand dollar car with five thousand dollar wheels, finds out about this. He's going to go to the Rolls Royce dealership right now.

You got an application, get denied and demand. They put the application, whether he gets denied or accepted towards the Rolls Royce and cause a lot of trouble. Right.

And even if they gave him the Rolls Royce, I don't think he get jacked. He takes a neighborhood. You know, he'll be shot.

Right. They'll kill him for it. Right.

Probably. You see what I'm saying? So there's a cultural element here that has to be considered. So what they did is they kept the cultural element that was kept from the railroad days.

But you know how we mentioned Seward in the beginning of the talk, Seward's folly for buying Alaska. Right. You know, the railroad companies were ruling the world then and they wanted Alaska to be under jurisdiction because they wanted to build a railroad from the bottom of South America all the way up to Alaska and then bridge across the Aleutian Islands into Russia with a railroad into Russia, down into India, across Europe.

So you could put him in Africa. So you can the railroad would be you can go take the railroad and connect the entire world except for Australia and New Zealand. Right.

And maybe a couple of other island nations. Right. Right.

You'd have to think about that from the southern tip of South America all the way up to Alaska across the Aleutian Islands railroad, you know, bridges across to Russia down into Europe. Right. Africa.

All but two continents would be covered because you'd have the Australia wouldn't be Australia. And what do they call it? Antarctica or whatever. Yeah.

Yeah. Like I said, it's going on there anyway. Yeah.

Yeah. Two continents. Yeah.

So that was their scope and that was the power that was because it was about moving transport. Right. I mean, look how they punished everyone with the covid stuff with what they call logistics shipment delays.

Yes. The supply chain issues is what it was. Yeah, that's that's so obvious.

And in BlackRock, you know, you're saying five companies control. It's really two. It's Vanguard and BlackRock.

Now, you know, together, they're worth 25 trillion or 30 trillion together. And that's just public with private. They're much more.

And they're the ones that put that woke policy, you know, that, you know, if you're a guy, chop your dick off. If you're a woman, try to be a man. The same stuff.

Those are the same people that after World War One went into Germany. We talked about what they did there, the woke thing. They're doing sex change operations, lots of drugs, prostitution.

And and the Third Reich National Socialist came and cleaned it up. All the book burnings were all those books about being a transvestite and sexual devancy and all that. All the woke stuff, just like, you know, the porn books are putting in schools.

Right. That's what they were burning. See, they tell you that the Nazis were book burning, but they didn't tell you what books they were burning.

Coincidentally, 90 percent, if not 99 percent of all the authors and researchers from those books were Jewish coincidentally. Right. So there you go.

Yeah. It's amazing when you look into these things. Exactly.

So that leads into the very last thing that was that was put there as a comment and a question in rated Y 200. The Greek was talking about transgendered people in entertainment and sports. You made a comment that these people don't choose to be that way.

That's how they are made. This really got. Well, go ahead.

Go ahead with the question. Sorry, this really got my attention because a long time back, someone mentioned that all famous people are transgendered because the goddess deity they worship demand is it true enough. One can pick out any given celebrity.

And if you analyze their physical attributes such as jawline, shoulder width, hip width, et cetera, they seem to be of the opposite gender than what they portray. Is the usually able to elaborate more on what he meant when he stated that they are made that way. Well, culturally, they're picked out, you know, groomed like what you said.

Manchurian was it. I don't even know what a Manchurian candidate is. You have like a five second definition of that.

A Manchurian candidate is someone who is put into a position who is unaware in there. Yes. In their consciousness upfront that they are programmed to do something and then they're triggered to do something terrible that is not part of their daily psychology or their awareness.

Yeah. That's some that's some M.K. ultra shit. Then it is.

Yeah. No, I'd say change. Other stuff is a revival of the ancient goddess religion, the negative one.

Right. And those people are pretty horrible. Like, why don't they form their own team? They never do.

They have to. They're infiltrators. Right.

You always have. They always send one transgender into a team, a guy into a woman's team. They don't have a whole bunch of guys that want to say I'm transgender women as a whole team.

They can't do that. Right. That's a notion that I picked up from.

Look out for Charlie. But if you look at this, some pretty famous people. I have a second cousin, which is no blood relation.

And what the thing that was going around since I was young in the family when he was born, he had a penis and a vagina and they had to make a decision, you know, which way to go. Right. OK.

I've heard about that. Yeah. And Trump was like that.

They made a decision for him to be a male. Also, what? Yeah. And so was.

So was Jamie Lee Curtis. Yeah. I decided for her to be a woman.

Yeah. Yeah. Now, what a set of knockers on her for.

How would that have been if she they decided for. Yeah, I don't know. That's what I'm thinking of, because, you know, the movie Trading Places, you get a good look at that frontal.

She's got she's almost soft digs. You know, soft dig is a term like large breasts. Yeah.

No, she's got some pretty. Yeah. Yeah.

So how does that happen? You know, is that, you know, because it's pretty that can be done with synthetics, but there's a spiritual component. Here's the thing. Those don't look synthetic, though.

Bonus right there. I'll tell you. No, but there's a synthetic component, you know, with with estrogen and things like that.

Yeah. Maybe. But I'm saying like you like that's definitely not breast implants on Jamie.

No, those are very well formed. I should say it was statically and all that proportionately, too. But what I mean is I think that if you just did convincing and propaganda, you'd have it.

But how many mayors, even Giuliani has was a trans dress, you know, every Halloween, you know, he dressed up like a woman every Halloween. Right. There's a famous clip of him doing it with Trump, actually, which is pretty funny.

But yeah, they do that. So this is the Freemasons do that. I think Leo Zoghami talked about it here in Jerusalem.

The rabbis have a thing where they all rape a transvestite. It has to be a transvestite male posing as a woman. And they also have women posing as male.

You also hear that from the who's the satanist, the satanic panic in the 80s. Which Akino, Akino, Akino children pointed him out that he would be wearing woman's clothing and his the wife. He was a woman who was wearing men's clothing.

The mix up. So also in the Old Testament, if a man dresses like a woman, he's put to death. And if a woman dresses like a man, blah, blah, blah.

Right. So they go against all that stuff. Now, you know, that's, you know, all that's contractual, too.

When you look at like biblical stuff, that's contractual. Right. Remember in Exodus, Moses says, if you want to do this, let us let me know now.

Right. If you don't want to do it, then this, that and the other. It's all contract.

All laws are contract. So, you know, the spiritual side too. So these are all contracts that are being performed on.

When you see these transvestites, they don't know it. They're totally it. It's no one knows what's going on.

That's why I'm like, I've had it here. You know, like what I've always said, you doctors don't know what's going on. Lawyers don't know.

Accountants don't know. Because if they did and no university professor knows anything about the subject they're teaching, because if they did, the people they were talking to you would not understand what the hell they were saying. It would be like a young as they'll.

I got to meet that. John Buckett. Hungry.

Let me die is what they would be saying. I don't know what you're talking about. To me, that sounds like a nursery rhyme.

I got no idea. You know? Yeah. So the doctors don't know what's going on.

I've even know people in the medical. I'm like, you know, I haven't met anyone in the medical that knows how the human body works to doctors. And they never message me back.

Yeah. You know, whatever. So I need to get a group of them on where I'm going to show when things work for venue and all that.

I might have the venue. And I just have to fish out maybe one or two more. Because if I have only one medical person, it doesn't look good.

I need to have at least two or three. Three makes a crowd. Right? Well, three makes you in the audience.

Right. Asking questions. So I present an idea like vacuum.

And they ask questions. And you don't get to. We talked about this.

Right? You don't get to see their face. But it'll be more realistic because they're asking questions from a perspective, a working perspective. Right? Right.

Versus layman's perspective and put out a video like that. And no, it won't be on YouTube because there's so much stuff to talk about. Maybe the next one.

Remind me. We're going to get a little deeper into how the human body works because I'm going to maybe put out some more stuff that I've never discussed. It's critical.

It's important.