And we're ready to roll. Rated Y Sonic Event 219, I guess. Anyway, how are you doing, Greek? Doing okay. 

Real busy. A lot of brain juice going. A lot of stuff I'd like to one day talk about.

More water devices. Interesting stuff. And other stuff, yeah.

You sound a little calmer today, I just wanted to say. I don't know what it is, but you sound a little less juiced up. I mean, you were like, extra level the last couple of times you got together.

L-tryptophan from roasted chicken. If you guys ever make chicken. Actually, any fresh chicken or whatever.

Soak it in, do a brine with salt, ginger, and garlic. And it helps if you put the ginger and garlic in a blender so everything's liquefied. For about three hours.

And then when you cook and undercook. You think you're undercooking, it cuts the cooking time by a third or cuts it in half. So like a three and a half pound chicken, I was able to roast it outside in under 25 minutes.

And it was done. And never follow instructions about killing salmonella and all that foodborne bacteria. Because the heat doesn't kill it.

So you always want to use organic meat that never has or typically doesn't have salmonella. Oh, yeah. Yeah, so when they tell you that you have to cook it for food safety, you're an idiot if you believe that.

It means it's diseased meat. You should never eat anything diseased. So, yeah, there's no guarantee because they say it about everything.

But usually the only reason the salmonella and all that stuff exists is because of farming practices. It's not even a real natural occurring thing. It's kind of like how whores have STDs.

Right. It's because usually that in a society where that kind of lifestyle is put down, the people don't take care of themselves. It's not that all prostitutes or whores have STDs.

Right. It's because when they get pushed into a certain category and certain people that are bad at hygiene. Right.

So it's the same thing. It's true. Yeah.

Chickens are whores now. Right. Anyway, chicken head.

But anyway, I just want to put that out there. That too. Hey, listen, speaking of safety, a quick question because they asked me about like BPA and BPPF and all this stuff.

And we're wondering if your water devices do anything about that kind of chemical influence in the water. Or do you have some suggestion regarding that? Unknown. Unknown.

The best thing for that, because they are considered organics and VOCs and all that. Charcoal. Charcoal is an absorber.

And also learn to use adsorbers. Absorber, adsorber. It's absorber with a D like zeolite and magnetite.

But carbon. Carbon is the number one deal. When they pulled all the coal out of, you know, the coal mining in the Appalachians and all that.

The spring people were getting sick from the spring water because it pulled the carbon layer out. That was actually helping the water stay clean. They were getting radiation in the water and all kinds of stuff.

Yeah. So you need carbon for absorption. Fair enough.

And look, I mean, it does have standard uses even among medical idiots. Because, you know, if you get enough of something toxic in your system, they stick a bunch of charcoal in your gut. It does help to soak up some stuff and get it out of there.

Well, yeah. The stuff in your gut doesn't stay there very long unless it's like stuck there. Yeah.

Yeah. They're never, they're never. The whole, the whole system, the medical needs to be completely scrapped.

And the theories are all wrong. What needs to be kept are the basic procedures that have been adapted that work. And the rest of it is just an idiot's heaven or idiots.

It's actually the medical system is a heaven for idiots and hell for anyone who has got at least four brain cells. Yeah, I understand that. I'm just saying that it has a practical use even in that system.

It's sort of like using sand or an abrasive when you're cleaning stuff up. And, you know, you got the soap and you add a little extra grind to it. It helps.

You know what I mean? A lot of people don't think that. But anyway. Mechanic soap.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

What was that? They used to go, but it was lava. Lava soap was the big thing. Lava.

There was gojo. There was a couple of them. Yeah.

It's like abrasive. Pumice is usually what they use. It's not so sharp.

Yeah. Well, that's, but, you know, you can do that with a good sponge or a good, or stone. You know what I mean? It just got a little bit of an abrasive to it and it takes away a little bit of skin, but all the rest of the stuff that's on top of it.

Anyways, I read one time in a book. This is from a listener. I read one time in a book that immortality is the continuation of memory, no matter where you go after leaving the physical.

What do you think about that? This is a question for you and they have a follow up. But what do you think about that? Well, it seems it's interrupted now. Yeah.

Right. If you were, if there was a before for you, it's been shut off and interrupted. That's why I keep saying there's no school here.

You know, like imagine someone go gets a doctorate degree and then they wipe your brain at the end of college. Right. What do they do anyway? But you know what I mean? Yeah.

So no, I don't know enough about that. I think that's one of the things that it's one of those first principle questions like, you know, if you're on a TV screen, you can't talk about the pixels. Right.

I understand. You know, but I look at it this way too. Just because you're in a library, you pick up a book.

It doesn't mean that there isn't another book that tells you about what happened before that book was written. So, you know, you may just be in a certain book, but everything is in the library. You know what I'm saying? Yeah.

But if you could consider immortal also being there's two types of immortality, right? One where you can't be killed and it's a continuum, right? Or the other one where you're killed and you're brought back. Right. Well, and in that way, I think in this one, it's definitely the latter.

Well, and in that way, the reaches of people who are into like the transhumanism and transferring your memory and your personality into stuff. Yeah. That new entity, that new machine language thing, if they were able to actually pick up the human brain and stick it onto a computer, we'd think it was you.

Right. Even though it's not. Well, yeah, yeah.

Sure. But the way it's being done now is not because of anything with people. They're at war with nature.

The entities that control mankind are not human, but they use human agents to intervene or as agents to interface. They're at war with the natural world, the way it's set up. That's why you have the transgender and all this other and the chemicals and all this other stuff.

You know, in other words, they want to change things. It sounds like a commercial. What nature intended.

Right. What's a natural path like when a man wants to be a woman or one wants to be a man has nothing to do with whatever it has to do with. You've fallen for a narrative that is against nature.

It's the same. So someone who wants to be transgender is no different than the people who want to make synthetic whatever food or want to do the transhuman agenda. The transhumanism thing.

Yeah. Their follow up fits in perfectly with the chronology of what you're talking about right here, because because if our memory can be completely erased, this this listener asks, how can we talk about the immortality of the spirit? Question mark. If we are if we are in mind, then memory is the fuel that feeds the mind.

Could acting on intuition be the proof that we indeed have these memories stored, but we access them through what you call the emotional or the emo of the mind? Yeah. Very good. The intent is formless.

Like, for example, when you have clay and a pot is made out of the clay, you can't say what is the essence of the pot? It's clay. It's just clay in the form of a pot. Can you separate the pot from the clay? No, because once the clay is gone, the pot is gone.

So you have like a the spirit, the realm of the mind, which is purely intangible. I've always said that when I define spirit and soul, soul is tangible. It's a life force.

You know, you can put your soul into somebody else's soul and revive them if you could. And, you know, CPR, for example, someone's not breathing. Your breath is your soul, but it's more than the breath.

It's the vital signs. So but it relies on the breath. If you read a lot of the ancient stuff, everything turns into breath.

So the spirit is completely intangible. So speaking of it, because it's intangible, even trying to apply an adjective or pronoun or whatever of immortal to it is not appropriate because it's intangible. In other words, for something to be immortal or mortal, it has to be tangible.

Right. So like the pot is really what we call something when clay is made into a pot. When we call it a pot, because it's really still clay.

Right. It's because you cannot separate. Once you take the clay away, there's no more pot.

So in essence, most of the things that we describe through language and our notion can be considered intangible once we consider the things that they're made of. So this is a very logical or philosophical thing. But I just right away break it down to if we're discussing something that has tangibility on its own or not.

But I'll tell you the mind and the spirit has no tangibility on its own. It has to be animated somehow. At least in the way we can see it now.

Yeah, but is the animation an evidence or is it a resulting effect of the thing's existence? There's a difference there. In other words, can you be a spirit inanimate? Yeah, sure. For example, if you have a CD collection or something on a computer chip, as long as it doesn't get corrupted, you can animate it at any time and then put it back into spaces or storage, right? Right, right.

That's what I was getting at. Like pure information. Right.

That's the thing. Pure information is intangible. That's why very often you have people say, well, how am I supposed to use that information, making it tangible? It's a very big thing.

It's easier. Okay, the way we're set up, the way we're wired and all that, that's an easy way to explain, is the only way we can perceive it. Again, it's a first principle thing.

Like the ether, very difficult to discuss. And just like if your entire existence is pixels on a television screen, you cannot discuss the pixels no matter how you can try. Fish have that same problem.

Like most fish, before they die, they realize they're in water. Then you've got these fish that go to the other fish and say, do you know, I think we're underwater, and they all laugh at them, right? Oh, yeah, of course. Anyway.

No, that's interesting. And the other thing is this started more of a conversation, and basically I'm going to condense this. They're asking about, you know, look, they hear ideas, right, and they have no technical knowledge, not even a hint of what it is, especially on the discussions that you and I have here.

They say they hear stuff, and it resonates with them somehow. They know it's right, and they know it's right. It's not a matter of they're guessing it's right.

It sounds good, but they know it's correct. And it feels like they do have some knowledge somewhere, but they can't access it. They have no idea where it is.

And they're asking, you know, is this just something where they're waiting for a button to be hit, and that's going to lose that knowledge, or they're going to do something, and that's going to bring them that knowledge by inspiration. Yeah, it is, just like the pot and the clay. The clay is very easy to understand, and so is the pot, because you've used a pot.

If you've never seen a pot before, or any purpose that you would suffice to need a pot for, you would need some explanation, and then you get it. So it's the same thing. But then again, you know, you could discover that clay a long time from now.

It doesn't resemble a pot, and then you take it and once again form it into a cup. Now, it's still the same clay, but it's been reformed once again, and now it represents something else that is finally tangible. See, that again talks about the transition between the inanimate and the animate, like you were talking about before with the information on the CD, right? So the information on the CD is still within the clay, but you have to do something in order to bring it out, right? Yeah, but there's another level to that.

Water shows that, like water has memory. See, water's an exception. See, water's a different thing.

That's what's weird to me. Like, I don't know how to articulate this, so I ask you. You know, water seems to me to be, yes, it obeys the majority of the laws, right, of the physical, you know, circumstance here, but it's got extra to it.

And it's not a profound, like, you know, it glows or it makes noises. It doesn't obviously present itself as extras, but like you were talking about where it's got that weird sink in the temperature. Last time we talked about this.

And, you know, it's difficult to get it out of the one temperature from, like, well, you can get there easy. In other words, it's quite the coincidence that our blood temperature is at 98.6, and that's where water likes to stay. Right.

When it reaches that, yeah. It's resistant to moving, you know, lower. Yeah, it sits at 98.6. In other words, you could take heat and cold.

It'll stay stable at 98.6 with variations in external temperatures, yeah? Right. And that's an interesting thing, but that's where water is different from other things in the, you know, in the. . . Yeah, it's got a lot of other interesting things other than typical. 

. . They call it a universal solvent, but it's actually a universal oxidizer. And because it's an oxidizer, water is actually burning all the time. That's more on the alchemic. 

. . It's equivalent to fire. Because fire as an oxidizer. . . Like someone who's, you know, into the chemical, control of the chemical world will always see fire as an oxidizer, but most people see it, oh, that's just fire.

It's hot. Well, it's oxidizing. Right.

And water is an oxidizer, so they're paired. But most people take fire more seriously than water for obvious reasons. Right.

And, of course, I'm a little more simple-minded, so I always say, you know, look, don't laugh at the people that told you that fire, water, and earth are elements, you know. They do the same thing. As a matter of fact, you know, when you put wood in fire, it gets darker and darker.

And if you put wood in water, what happens? It gets darker and darker. Right. Look at the color of driftwood.

Right. It gets darker and it changes. It actually stains black.

Right. So there's a whole level. . . One day I'll . . . One day.

One day we'll talk about the stuff I've been looking at for a long time. I've worked with some people. We've done a bunch of transmutation.

Enough that will fetch a bunch of trouble if you talked about it. I have a . . . I'm actually in the office. I was moving things around.

I have a box full of samples. There's about 250 samples in there of things we've actually changed. And we . . . Yeah, based on the principle I just mentioned, that water is actually always burning.

But you can't say it like that because, well, burning is not hot. Well, you know, I mean, it's an oxidizer. Once you learn to judge fire always as being an oxidizer.

So anyway, yeah, and the water does the same but in a different way. Fair enough. Look, this is more focused on the questions this time, and this one's a little different but somehow falls into the same category.

It's weird the way this stuff comes together. Anyway, could you ask the Greek because they're addressing me in this one. Could you ask the Greek about ways to improve gas mileage, question mark? Yeah, definitely.

Remember him saying it was possible to drive across the country on a single tank of gas. I'm curious what it would take to make that happen and whether it's still possible with modern combustion engines, maybe modern governors and all kinds of weird things on them. Yeah, but here's the thing.

I doubt it because if you do the math, I don't know about cross-country. I don't know because there's the long way and the short way, New York to Florida, and then you've got New York to California. But it depends on what some country.

Maybe it's a small country. But typically automotive design, like sedans and things that people, like a family would buy or whatever, usually have a 300-mile range. But increasing gas mileage, the newer the car, the harder it is to do because they have fuel injectors which are controlled by an electronic control module, ECU, PCU, and there's a whole bunch of them, and that will sabotage the engine.

In other words, you could put a whole bunch of fuel-efficient modifications on the engine. Most of them, you don't have to buy anything. You just remodify what's there, and you'll get good gas mileage for maybe 15, 20 minutes, maybe a day, and then it will go back to maybe making it worse.

This is all malevolent shit. The only way you could do it is if you have something with a carburetor. That's why I tell people if you have a lawnmower, usually they run about 20 minutes or so.

I can very simply extend it so it runs 40 to 50 minutes. I'm sorry, about, yeah, 35 to 40 minutes, usually almost double. Somebody sent me a Honda generator.

I wanted the spark plug and the carburetor, and he usually got, I don't know, 7 hours run time, something just under 6 or 7, between 6 and 7, and we got it to over 12. Simple modification, 15-minute modification. It's got to have a carburetor, though, a natural, not just naturally aspirated, but a carburetor, not fuel injection, no electronics controls.

Some very rudimentary electronic controls, like pre-1990 cars, we can do it. But after 1995, when the OBD-1, which is the onboard diagnostic systems, came out, they really started building in these, I call it, sabotage protocols. One thing, there was a bunch of group of people that got around the sabotage protocols and were building 100-mile-per-gallon Ford Tauruses and stuff like that.

And that got out, and they were threatening to make that knowledge worldwide, and that's when Obama did the cash for clunkers. Let's get all the old cars that potentially benefit from this off the road and fill the engines with cement, right? So, yeah, there's always a reason, a very nefarious reason behind all this stuff. Very nefarious. 

We're in a very... All of the authorities, religious, financial, medical, they're all at war with the population. They're elements of war. It's just like what they did with coins, Greg.

The reason why they removed the precious metals from the coins is because the precious metals were worth more than what the coins represented. So what did they do? They either priced you out of it, or they destroyed them, which is exactly what they do with even the cars, right? They either price you out. It's now a classic car, so now it's worth so much more that it's not even close to affordable to get something that's 80 years old, or it's destroyed. 

It's no longer available. So you can make it unavailable or unattainable. The two things you could do to improve gas mileage real fast, but don't hope it'll work if you have anything past 2000.

Actually, anything past 1998, really, it'll help. It'll get more power and all that, but the electrode on the spark plug should have a tiny hole on it. The J-strap, the part where the spark hits, has a very small hole.

Recently, the past two years, I've discovered that geometry of the hole is critical. It has to be exponential, which looks like a cone. It's not a straight hole, so it's narrow on the spark end and wider as it goes out through the strap.

Is this the relative equivalent to boring out the pieces on a dirt bike like they used to do in order to make them...? No, no, no. This is just the spark plug. So the spark, the forward motion of the ignition... Yeah, they used to do something to the spark plug, plus drill a hole in the carburetor, I thought, which was... I didn't understand it, but these guys told me something very interesting.

We have to be very strategic about it. The other thing is there's something called a gadget man groove by Ron Hatton. You could look that up.

I offer that. I offer my own version of it, which is superior. Yeah, grooving the throttle body. 

You could look him up. Now, Ron, I was in discussion with him for many years, and he was always saying, we're going to make the world a better place, we're going to make the world... He killed himself. Well, basically, he took a bunch of drugs, drove on a mountain pass, got into a really bad accident.

They tore his arm and leg off or something. Yeah, not necessarily in that order, but yeah, go ahead. Yeah, and they sewed it back on.

He woke up and he pulled life support off himself because he got really depressed that no one really cared. And I said, no one cares here, dude. I kept telling him, dude, nobody cares.

Stop saying make the world a better place. That's supposed to be. You don't go to a fun house.

You don't go to a carnival and say the house of horrors, let's paint it and clean it up. No, it's supposed to be a house of horrors. This place is supposed to be this way.

So anyway. That's why the second that you actually have a true solution to a problem, you're done. You're over.

Because if you try to share it with anybody, you're gone. Anyways, last question here, and it's a weird one because this person knows you well enough to know that they really shouldn't ask you about politics. So I'm going to condense this, but they're telling me, make sure he understands.

I'm not asking about the politics or the news. And the question is the core question. What is Donald Trump? Not who? What? Yeah, I would look into Donald Marshall cloning.

I think what's been going on is because the reason why he brings this up. Now, I want to tell you the reason why he brings this up, because you might have not caught this, but he started to tell a weird story at an energy conference, right? And he started saying that his uncle, you know about his uncle, he had some degrees. Yeah, yeah, who emulated Tesla.

Well, okay, but he didn't bring up that part at the Energy Summit. What he brought up is that he said my uncle taught Ted Kaczynski, you know, the Unabomber guy? Yeah, yeah. And my uncle was the longest standing professor at MIT, which, first of all, is incorrect.

Secondly, his uncle was a professor at MIT. He said he had three degrees and Trump didn't hit any of them correctly. Dr. Trump's degrees, okay, on the record, were in electrical engineering and in two other places.

And he had three degrees, but none of the ones Trump mentioned. Then he said that Kaczynski was one of his students. Now, problem is nobody knew who Kaczynski was until 96, and John Trump died in 95.

So, you know, he told a weird story that was totally screwed up. And this is what inspired the question. Again, very carefully I'm saying this for the listeners more.

The Greeks got it already. What is Donald Trump? I don't know. The only way I don't think Donald Trump knows what he is.

Okay. I've heard that he died already. I've heard that, you know, here's the thing.

They're very bold. They're putting out their, I think they're putting out what I would call their best technology for cloning and other things, facsimiles of humans. They're doing a lot better with that than they are with the AI, because there's something I call AI aftertaste.

You know, when you see an AI thing, you're like, it leaves an aftertaste. Well, there's that, plus there's what they're calling delusions now, or what's the other term they're using for it? Where you're imagining stuff. What do you call that? Yeah, yeah, that's right.

Hallucination. That's what it is. The AI is having a hallucination, according to their terminology, and I'm cracking up.

It's like, no, it's not working right. It's having a hallucination. Yeah, but the thing is, it's all based on their creator.

You know, when you go to a different culture, like China or India, something is radically different, or even Mexico or whatever. Everything they have there has a certain version, like a pot. If you get a pot from China, you can tell it's made in, not just American, but it's a Chinese pot, or something from India.

So the AI, it's because of that culture. Okay, so the people, the culture that makes the AI is a certain culture. It's not just people taken from whatever willy-nilly, and they do, initially, but they breed them or groom them into this culture.

So if you understand that culture, of course it puts that way. It's the geekdom. They're geeks, but not in a good way.

Their geekdom is put into their product, and I see it. I see right through it. Well, that's the crap they do, even with stuff that I try to access to accomplish things like broadcasting or whatever.

Their geekdom is always built into the background of it, and I have to sort of learn the new language and logic of it in order to operate their crap properly, to do more than just the surface-level things that simple people want to do. You've got to know the geekdom. Otherwise, you can't do it.

You can't touch it. What does that mean? That's right, and I don't like that. That's why I said, what was it, the phones, the phones, the stupid rectangles, the smartphones.

They're designed around what was hammered into the geeks to make these a 9-year-old girl or a 12-year-old girl or a 14-year-old girl where the credit card is the entire premise behind these things. Now I hear from other people I've discussed things with, people that worked in tech firms. There's a whole other level to these things where you have to completely scrap it.

It takes four hours to redo the phone, so it acts more like a PC. Yes. Right? Yes, yes.

Yeah, yeah, all that stuff. So I'm not going that far because, you know, like today there was a call that I missed because when I was out, the phone, like I said, like in the 1960s and 70s, was hanging on the wall with a long wire attached to it, in this case the long wire being the charger. Yeah, you just leave it on the charger all day, and therefore it is now wired to the wall because you've chosen it.

Yeah, that's how I roll. When I go out, I know people, if I have to make a phone call and I'm out, I just ask someone, can I use your phone? I'm just making a local call. Fine.

You know, sometimes they'll dial it or whatever, and it works. I mean, people are still, they're not bitching about it, and, you know, you're not going to find a pay phone. And it doesn't cost, you know, in the days when it used to cost, you know, $50 to make a call, I understood, hey, look, I ain't lending you my phone.

But now everybody's got, you know, it doesn't cost me anything. Yeah, sure. Well, it does, actually.

If you call Canada, you get a long-distance charge. It was real funny. Oh, you got an even dumber plan than most people then because, to be honest with you, most people in America, they got a North American calling plan.

Oh, okay. It must be the plan that's very old. But I was told, you got a long-distance call.

I was like, really? You know, and they gave me the number. I was like, who did I call in Canada? I don't have a girlfriend in Canada. What are you talking about? That's the thing, though, is, you know, and there's the other funny part is if you take a phone, right, you buy it in Canada.

Now, that phone is based in Canada, allegedly, the number is. Now, you move to here, Georgia, you're making your calls, your phone is still from Canada. I mean, you know.

It's roaming and all that stuff they have. Yeah, but they've, there's, yeah, it's just a business. Those bills, by the way, are checks written out to you anyway.

One of these days I'm going to shorten. Well, we'll do a talk about the financials. And I've really been simplifying it in my mind and how easy or much easier it is and what's being put out online about it and how to get moving on that again.

But I won't do a, what do they call it, a seminar or a private group, but we'll just talk about it here because the private groups don't really go anywhere. I think just doing it on here is better, if that makes any sense. Well, you know what? I know that we'll get a result.

If you give a very simplified version of something. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Get more people onto what's going on and stuff they could use.

Someone sent me an email recently. It's akin to, you know, anything that could, like, go against the fuckers that put together this control system, you know. And I'm like, great, you know.

I'm all for that. It's not because I'm anti-control systems. You have to have control systems.

But when they're malevolent and you know it, going along with it makes you one of them. So, anyway. And the other thing is that in any system, look, no matter how big the beast is, you always got to give it a black eye once in a while anyway, even if they call it.

They kick in the shins. They kick in the shins? Same thing. Bush Jr., you're either with the terrorists or you're with us, you know.

So with us or with the terrorists, right? I'd rather be on the side that is not malevolent. How about I don't want to be with either one of you, you bastard. Anyway.

Any other final thoughts on this today or what do you say? Because I think Tuesday is going to be different, interesting, et cetera. There was a personal question for me. I'll answer that on my show because nobody cares about that here.

I know my lane. All right. Anyway.

I don't know about that, but that's fine. Let's make it a short one then. Yeah, let's do that.