Rated Y, Sonic197, anyway, Greek, you know, the chat's been interesting lately, but how are you? Is times interesting your way or what? Everything's good. I'm making coffee, feeding the cats, I got like a chicken puree, you know, I buy a big bag of 10 pounds of chicken, I par-cook it, you know, every few days and I make like a baby food for them and with veg and stuff and yeah, par-cooked, just it's all pink, you know, how they should be and you got to give them organ meat during the shedding season. People don't know that the organ meat, most animals, you know, when they first had zoos and they fed carnivore steaks, they got sick and died because they eat the organ meat first, right? Yeah, because they were missing the other parts, all the other stuff.

Well, that's essentially what they go for, so I basically buy chicken livers, beef liver, beef heart and it's amazing how cheap it is, I got a huge hunk of beef heart, it was like two bucks. Oh, nobody wants to buy that. A big package, right? I was going to ask you if you were still getting the chicken cheap, actually, because... Yeah, it actually dropped in price.

Really? It went, it's down to $6.87 for the 10 pound bag, it was almost as high as like, just under eight dollars, when I first started buying it, it was five something. Damn, I got to move to where you are, the prices are dropping. Tucson is cheap, yeah, but you know, they're still paying $10 an hour over here right now.

I'll give you an example, in 1986, I was making $25 an hour and it was good, you know, I wasn't wealthy, but I never thought of anything that I needed, I couldn't afford, you know what I mean? Taking home a thousand bucks a week in 1985, 86. 85, 86 in New York, New Jersey area, you were doing just fine at 25 bucks an hour. Yeah, I lived in Manhattan too, and because back then, a good starting salary at a college was 30 grand, which is not a thousand bucks a week, a thousand bucks a week is 50 grand, right? Oh yeah, well, the way I understood it is, see, I'm a little younger than you, so for me it was 50,000 was the good way to go, right? Yeah.

And you could start there, you had a good job at 50 grand, about a thousand a week. Yeah, and the interesting thing, what I did through the weed man, the weed man was the best, because you go and you sit there, he prepares it, and there's other people coming to get their weed, I met like the great chefs of the world, I met, this one guy, he came in, I said, what do you do? He says, I do decorative plaster restoration, Jason, and he says, we're, you know, in the old theaters, they were taking out the stuff they put in the 50s and 70s with the drop ceilings and they revealed all the plaster ornamentation and the beautiful mural work, so in a way it preserved it, but when they put sprinklers through, they just blasted through the beautiful ornamented, gilded, you know, ornamental plaster and stuff, like little cherubs cast out of plaster, pulling a bow and arrow or a heart, that thing was broken, so these Texas oil people were buying these theaters and wanted to bring them back to their 1902, 1890 glory. Plus they were busting holes for cable wires and stuff at certain points, too, you know.

Oh, everything, and then they put the drop ceiling in, right? Right, and then the other terrible thing was when they centralized some air and they just ripped entire sections of stuff out. Yeah, so all that had to be repaired and restored, and the company, Kasloff Landau, they were, and a long story, he says, we need some laborers, and it was winter, I was a bike messenger, which one of the best things I've ever done in my life, and in terms of an occupational quote-unquote job, and bike messengers, you just split the ticket, right, so it's $10 delivery, you get five bucks, the company gets five, there's no taxes, nothing, you're a subcontractor, right, you're really wild, you know? So anyway, I figured I'd get off the road for a little while, so they started me at $8 an hour as a laborer, and to make a long story short, in two weeks I was making $25 an hour, because after a week and a half I was like, you know, I could do that, I see what they're doing. They imported people from Hungary and Romania in their 70s and 80s, because no one here knew how to do that kind of stuff, and they brought these old guys over, and one of the Hungarians was into, what do you call it, corporal punishment, if you didn't do it right, he had a switch in his pocket and he hit you in the head with it real hard, I said if he does that with me, I'm gonna kill him, but he didn't, and I said, you know, I could do this, I said no, you can't, we got a five-year apprenticeship, you know, you wanna do that? I'm like, nah, nah, fuck it, I'm gonna do it right now, so I started taking stuff home and restoring models and bringing it in, and then they bump you up to $25 an hour.

Half the people there hated me, because they were doing the five-year apprenticeship, because it's also merit, it's not like in Japan, where you have to torture the apprentices, like if you're an apprentice in Japan, they like inflicting pain on you too, by the way, you know, like in the movie Jiro's Sushi, you know, Jiro Uno's Sushi, the apprentices, you know how you go to have sushi and they give you a hot towel, right? The messed up stuff like they show you in the Kill Bill movies, where he pays homage to a lot of that cinema, and he does the whole thing with training the girl, and he has to eat the rice every single day, and he smacks her when she doesn't eat the rice properly. Or just making the way you're giving them to do harder, like getting the sushi guys, you know, what they do is they make the, instead of the water just being hot, it's like boiling hot, and the apprentice can't wring it out, he's a weenie, so they just inflict pain. But I didn't go through that, and it was good, and then after this company stopped doing what they were doing, I got into it like a wildcat decorative plasterer, and I mean, then you're making $1,000 a day, I didn't know what they were billing us.

So that's the thing, that $25 an hour was nothing compared to what they were taking in. Oh, they were billing us out at $1,000 to $1,500. Look, when the company went under, we organized a couple of people there, and I went to go bid on a job, and I was afraid to give them a price for $1,500, it was a couple of feet of molding that was missing plaster, and they were like, come on, give me a price, give me a price, and I didn't have the balls to tell them $1,500, every day was a day, two days work, three days, you know, touch it up, $500 a day was good, just talking about 1986.

Yeah, so that's a lot of money still, yeah. Yeah, people, you know, I mean, Union Carboners are basically making at the top end $100 a day, right? So anyway, I didn't have the, you know, the gumption to tell them such a high price, because I thought it should be priced higher than normal labor. They said, listen, if you could do it for less than five grand, you got it, and I'm like, oh my God, oh my God.

I'm like, what the hell, you know, and I was like, what, okay, Joe, you're pressing me, I can do it for five. I walked out, and I was like, walking on air, I'm like, this is a day's work, I'm getting five grand for that, you gotta be kidding, and then I got in touch with the people that worked them, like, oh yeah, you thought you were making good money, but they were billing you out for $1,500 a day, I was like, oh my gosh, and they were giving me $250, I was getting ripped off. Yeah, right, you're getting paid maximum $400, and they're walking away with, you know, $1,200, $1,800.

$1,000 a day, so I said, every time they had a guy on the crew there, just count the heads, that's $1,000 in the company's pocket for each person that showed up to work, I was like, oh man, no wonder they shut it down and left. So yeah, so I did this for a little while, and it was great, because I was bike racing and all that, and I, you know, back then, a high-end bike was $3,000, $4,000, now they're $20,000, and I was like, oh yeah, just give me the KPC record, give me the Mozzy frame, give me the wheels, the guys, ooh, what the hell is this guy, you know, I'm like, guys, I remember, you're a bike messenger, how are you affording this, I don't do that anymore. I got my own company doing restoration work, and what was cool, and I still used to do it, even in Tucson, you go in the yellow pages for construction, you find thousands of plumbers, carpenters, cement people, whatever, right? Ornamental plasters, there's two in New York City, and you call them up, and they're like, oh yeah, we have a waiting list for nine months, right? What are you gonna do? Because these construction companies, when they finish the job, they have a retainer, and they don't get paid the last 15% until the job is completely done, and you had these Park Avenue apartments with pieces, you know, that were just unfinished.

So word got out that I was doing it, and a couple of other people I encouraged to do it, we were hitting all these projects, and I still did it, even today, sometimes, you know, I would, I mean, recent years, like 10, 20 years, when I'd get a call, I'd say, yeah, we have a, you know, if it's May, I'll say, I can't get out there till July, and they're like, oh man, blah, blah, blah. So now you can really gouge, right? Well, you know, we have a service for where, you know, you have a contractor, an architect involved, and there's a retainer payment, we can expedite, we can front-end expedite. How much is that more? You know, we double the price.

So it was like two of us basically doing $20,000 or $30,000 a month with two people and a laborer. Look, when we hired laborers, we just, we're talking about someone who just pushes a broom, fills up buckets, cleans the tools, right, goes get coffee. We're not talking about someone that's required to do skilled work, right? But they have to be there, and they have to be willing to do what we need, right? We started them off at $25 an hour.

Do you know the, you know, because the laborers then were like six, seven bucks an hour, maybe minimum wage even, and you wouldn't believe the reputation, you know, it's like, oh, go work for these guys, push a broom, get $25,000, we're talking 1986. Yeah, right. No, I would have been glad to get five bucks to do that back then, even though I was a kid.

So we took care of, whoever worked us, we took care of them, Paradigm Restoration. That's one of the best times in my life. We're looking for a studio space, couldn't find it, and this opera singer, Don Ewell, ran into it.

It was Jay Adams. His wife was an artist in New York, famous sort of, and he says, listen, I bought this warehouse building on Underhill Road and Vanderbilt Avenue, and I need somebody in there because they're going to burn it down, you know, because it's a really rough neighborhood. And I was like, all right.

So he basically got a 2,000 square foot loft on the second floor for free just to occupy it because, you know, they find out there's a white landlord there. We're talking the 80s. A white landlord, he's not there.

I'd burn the fucker down, right? You know? Yeah, so at least there's somebody there that can't go in there and screw around with the Yeah, it was great. And he called a plumber. I remember he dropped, like, five grand to install a new gas line on one of those forced air heaters.

He treated us great. Right. So here's the thing.

We're waking in the high end of construction, you know, for two people and free rent and this. It was just like, this is like, what's going on here? What's going on? You know, this is life was different, but it was, you know, doing that kind of work in New York. First of all, you can't park anywhere, right? Right.

You have to pay off the meter maids. I remember a Verderami construction. They parked anywhere.

And I was like, how do you guys do this? Oh, yeah. Verderami construction. OK.

Gambino, whatever family. And it was the female side of the Gambino. Anyway, all the meter maids walked by, you know, double parked.

Didn't matter. I was like, I got to get privileges like this. I never quite got them.

So we would just hire people instead of having our own truck. It was cheaper in the long run. There were trucks for hire by the hour.

Hey, you know, hey, we got to know them. Go pick up this material. Bring it here.

Bye. No parking. We never have to change the oil.

Pay the insurance. Right. Right.

And if we wanted to needed a bigger truck, we found something, you know, his brother had a bigger truck. So we found out renting like, you know, it's cheaper to use a cab in New York than own a car. Right.

Yeah. Of course. I look at New York City.

You'd be better off going to, like, say, Home Depot. Right. And you get the van for a couple of hours.

You make a couple of runs back and forth to the store. And then that's the end of it. Drop it off and take a cab back to the.

No, we didn't even do that. This came with the driver. There was a paper called the Village Voice.

Yeah. No, I know the Village Voice. You can hire anybody to do anything just about because there was always.

Yeah. And literally the massage parlor section. Oh, yeah.

No, no. Everything from escorts to paint my ceiling. Yeah.

No, whatever you needed. You could hire somebody. Always.

Yeah. So this just gave you a slice of the 80s. And do you believe that's 40 years ago? I mean, not exactly.

But, yeah, 40 years ago, the 80s were in the mid 2020s. So 40. Right.

Yeah. No, I can't believe how clear I remember the 80s, you know, and it's like 40 years ago. Wow.

I can't believe I say something like that now for decades, which is which is a legitimate generation. Yeah. Forty years is a generation, you know, biblically and otherwise.

So and you know what? Not much has changed. My advice to young people is that your your 20s and 30s are your best years. But it doesn't mean that the years after that are not your best years.

But you're really an adult. You're free to function. You're still viewed as not really the youth, but young and you'll have the most energy and recovery.

Like, you know, you could work 20 hours a day for a week in a row, sleep on a slate on a Saturday and you're fine. You can't do that when you're 60. You need to get enough to sleep for three days to recover.

Yeah. So but your debt, your best days are in your I've even told someone recently, you know, it was like 20 something. I said, these are best years of your life.

Take advantage of the the energy that you have and it doesn't mean the other years won't be good. It's just that your your recovery powers are the greatest. Right.

Right. You can recover. You could take a hit and bounce back.

Absolutely. And also, you're young and beautiful. If you're not sorry, if you're not young and beautiful in your 20s and 30s, it ain't going to get better.

That's the truth. Anyway. So what do you got? I mean, that was my that's kind of personal.

But I think that whole thing I went over just now, but it gives a little bit more light into how anyone could view their lives now and right now, no matter how I look, let me just say this. The political environment, because of the media, we got media, more media now than we did back then. Right.

Right. I mean, back then, the most technology you had, there were computers, but the Internet was not prevalent. There was an Internet.

But the most information you got back then were billboards, TV, movies, newspapers were still important. And if you answering machines were pretty common, but if you had a fax machine, wow, you got a fax machine, you know. Right. 

So so that was it. But now, because the bombardment, the political situation now, people let the young people let themselves bring them down and don't because the political situation back then was World War Three and a mutual destruction with the Russians. Right. 

Right. So, yeah, I think the political situation was worse in the 80s. And it is now very similar.

It's very similar with inflation on a global scale. You know, yes. But quite honestly, I don't know.

It just seems like people were freer that you know what I mean? They were free, like to not be at war with everybody around you all the time, unless you were in the wrong neighborhood. You know what I'm saying? Well, not only that, there was a lot of animosity with the yuppies, the young up and cut the Wall Street. Yeah, right.

People was a lot of animosity for gentrification, like classic neighborhoods being turned over and flipped. You know, the traditional people moved out and flipped over for this gentrified, you know, the big box thing was becoming a problem a little bit, you know, like Avenue A. I mean, right now I look at walking videos through the village and Avenue A. I mean, that's Avenue A. So that was like Lafayette Street or Broadway. What the hell? Yeah, totally different.

It does not look like the Alphabet City of old. Oh, you can smell the piss, urine and vomit and heroin from Thompson Square Park before you got to Avenue A, you know? Oh, absolutely. Yeah.

And oh, my gosh. Yeah. Hey, look, I lived on East 9th Street between what was it, A and 1st, right? So, yeah, OK.

I lived on 11th between 2nd and 3rd. Dori Ashton was my landlady. And I didn't well, I knew at the time in a little shed about 50 million dollars worth of artwork hanging on our walls because she was one of the most prestigious art critics in New York. 

She had all kinds of stuff. And I would go to her parties occasionally. But, yeah, 11th Street between 2nd and 3rd, right, right down from the St. Mark's Church.

You were between 9th and 1st. So you're down you're out of near Venero's Bakery. Yeah, well, the pizza joint, Doc Holidays.

The right was on the corner there. I could I could step out onto my stoop. I could throw a rock to the left and land it in Tompkins Square Park.

That's that's right. Yeah, right. So what a park I never considered.

But that's where I first learned about vegan food. And boy, was it delicious. And then these other people trying to pawn off the crap they cook is vegan.

It doesn't taste good because it's vegan. I said, you got something wrong because they do the free food. Those guys show up in their school buses, remember? And they come out with chanting with their little finger symbols.

Yep. And they give out food on Thompson Square Park on the weekends. Yep, exactly.

No, I love that. That was that was great. And it was delicious.

You get these white people try to say it doesn't taste like that because it's vegan. So what are you talking about? Vegan food is like super delicious. If you know what you're doing.

Yeah, you better know what you're doing. Exactly. So, OK, I got a question.

Is there any literature out there or resources where I can look more into the concept of induction and things being replicated by the body instead of absorbed? Which is obviously wrong. Sure. Such a fascinating concept.

But yeah, they want to see if there's reference material. Well, right. I haven't looked at Lewis Kevran.

K-E-V-R-A-N. Lewis Kevran. He was buddies with Michio Kushi and George Asawa and all these other guys into transmutation.

Other people. OK. Lewis Kevran. 

He, I think, does use absorption term. So, no, there is no place. But biological transmutation would be Lewis Kevran is a good place to start.

Unfortunately, OK, this is like, let me just segue. The water device that I use uses a magnet magnetic reactor. It's actually a nuclear reactor, but magnetic reactor.

But it doesn't use the North or South Pole, the magnets. Matter of fact, if you if you apply that, it shuts down the device. I'm using what's called the block wall. 

Right. And I was speaking to an engineer, which I'm speaking to often because we're in negotiations for a lab and all this other stuff. And I said, you know, the last time a white paper was written on the block wall was by Felix Bloch in 1946.

How easy is it to pick up something that was last written about just two pages in 1946 and continue that research? How easy would that be? It's pretty damn easy because no one's looking at it. Right. So any research you do is the research is the looking up.

You're going to have to do it. The best place to start is put your put your cheaters on and don't be cheated. You know, cheaters like reading glasses go look at cross sections of the lungs, the skin, even microscopic illustrations are good of the intestines.

Any nothing goes through any of that tissue at all at all. There are glands that have I forgot what they're it's like an opening sometimes, but those are highly controlled. And but nothing goes through that.

So now start formulating what's going on by going into the chemistry and the physicality. Now, they're they're covering this just like, can you go to the library and look up how to build a nuclear device? No, you'll see a general sketch and they'll lie to you about it. Right. 

Right. So well, once you understand the concept, right, you'll find out you can't do it. Right.

Because it's just like it's just like printing money. You need a special printer. Right. 

You just don't need government special engraving. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. 

And by the way, when they tell you anybody's building them, it's not accurate at all. They at least they stop scaring people about it recently. So.

Fair enough. So there was also this discussion in the chat about noises and somebody hearing a bunch of noise in the kitchen and a voice coming together, calling out their name. Yeah, that's common. 

Yeah, that's common. I've had a cat had to be put down and I hear him meowing occasionally because, you know, they all have different specific voices. And, you know, this is in the echoes in the field and that's being taken advantage of.

I put I posted Lookout for Charlie. Look at F.A. Charlie, the YouTube channel, because he's an audio guy. But what he does, he's just not telling you he's showing you.

Right. So that's a good place to start. If you understand the stuff I've been speaking of for all these decades now, put that together with this and make your own hypothesis.

You know what? Yeah. But you don't hear with your ears, right? You hear with your brain. So you can affect someone's brain and have them think. 

Right. Yeah. Well, I was going to ask you about that because, you know, I went on that channel and started listening and paying attention.

He was doing the thing on Waco. Did you did you check out that one yet? No, I'm going backwards. In other words, I'm going from his oldest to his newest to see how it develops.

OK, I picked it random. Right. And went through a couple of different things in the Waco thing stood out.

But I start listening to this and everything that he's hearing and saying that is being said, I'm hearing exactly different things. And I mean, repetitively, and I'm trying to hear what he's saying is being said. Right. 

I picked that up on one of the videos about the haunted house. But the good one is the one he does. Well, this is his own house.

Well, this is him pulling apart the 30 seconds of the audio from Waco. And he's saying that hidden within there are all these different voices and things they're trying to say to people. And I'm hearing different things from what this I mean, clearly.

Well, you're hearing things to that. Yeah. I'm just joking.

But what I'm saying is if you go to most of his stuff, most of his stuff is right on the money. OK. You know, I haven't heard that one, but I wouldn't hang on one thing.

It seems like it was obscure because he's picking up the recording also from some media. Right. Well, so but if you go look at when you record ambient quietness at night, you know, there are voices in that.

Yeah. But have you watched that? Yeah. What's funny is, is I've gone through a bunch of his stuff.

But the Waco one I stood at for a while going back and forth over it because he was saying it's so obvious, it's so obvious. And I'm like, it's not obvious to me. I'm hearing different stuff and I hear different things than what he's doing.

Well, look, yeah, in his defense, not that he needs it. I go out and talk about stuff and people don't understand it. And it's really obvious to most and to some.

So it's subjective also. But I understand what he's saying. And I'm sure that he's right, that there are these hidden, you know, that there are. 

Well, they're not hidden. I mean, they're they're masked. They're masked.

They were hidden. You know, they're there. They're there. 

They're just very subtle. Yeah. But but it's beyond that.

What I what my focus is on is your own inner voice that you think is you that you actually you know, when you when you hear a voice in your head, meaning your your thought, your simple thinking patterns. Right. And that you hear yourself, you know, thinking.

And it's usually in your own voice. And I'm telling you, that's not you. Right. 

That's another thing. So and now, look, I have no problem. There's an A.I. that runs everything.

Breshears is into it. Much of the people I talked about that long time ago. But there's no reason to stress it because you can't do anything about it.

One thing you'll notice, what I always discuss, oh, not always, but mostly is things you could do something about. Like you got B.O. in your laundry. It's because you're using the same laundry.

So there's no one online that's going to give you. I shouldn't brag like that. So many practical things that you can actually do something about over so many different fields, over 20 different subject matters, at least that you can actually listen to the sonic and go do it right away.

So that's why I posted the Charlie stuff, because. If you if you're savvy enough, you can download what is it, audacity, and you could put a recorder, a non digital, preferably, which is an old camcorder would probably be the best. And you can find them at Goodwill still functioning for like five bucks, right? Well, I got a cassette boombox, actually, that that's that's even better.

Yeah. Nothing digital. Not like a smartphone.

Now there are there are better digital ones, but why not digital? I don't know. I don't know. Can't trust it. 

Right. Like Public Enemy says, can't trust it. But and now you've got the background noise of your street or the country or whatever.

And if you got audacity and you know how to use, you know, different frequency bands, you could reduce it. You could hear stuff in there. And he showed that. 

Yeah. And that's important because he's not talking about like most of the stuff like you don't hear with your ears, hear with your brain. You don't see with your eyes, hear with your brain.

They're not talking about anything exotic. He's saying that it's actually in the sound field versus microwaves that could make you think you're hearing something. Right.

But he says that it seems to me he's saying that both exist, but he's trying to show you the one that he can reproduce. Yeah, it's plain audio. It's not microwaves.

Yeah, I know you could post microwaves that'll make people feel like their head's going to explode. Micro is unnecessarily make you feel just like you can. You can also send these very narrow sound waves that are only say, you know, like present in one foot of space.

And if you stand in that one foot, that one square foot, you'll hear it. You see you step out of it and it's no longer audible to you. It's no longer being like shoved into your head.

I understand all this stuff. And I understand what you're saying about the inner voice. What I'm telling you is that apparently my brain is picking up a different frequency. 

Oh, yeah, it should. It should, because you got the the reason I'm saying it is not for nothing. You have an eye disability, right? So when that goes, the other ones tend to unfilter less, meaning they're more open.

Well, and my eyes actually see different spectrums of light already. So I'm thinking that my brain is just trained to pick up different frequencies anyway, because like, for example, with food and cooking, people that are very finicky about their food and they can't find good food to eat. Those are the people you want to make prepare your food because they're hypersensitive to that. 

Right. Right. So it's it's about sensitivity.

Anyway, enough about that, because that subject goes on forever. The most important thing we've discussed tonight is how do you learn about induction? And I don't know. I don't know.

You're going to have to piece it together yourself, like 99 percent of the stuff I talk about and start off with your visual cues, like when you're looking at something. That's why when I go back to the induction, I always say to a cross-section of the intestines, do a split screen and get an image of a cross-section of a steel belted tire. Look at them.

They're the same thing. Pressure difference, very robust construction and nothing in the design or the engineering allows for anything to penetrate through the wall. It's a failure if it does.

So all of it, everything is like that, how the induction works. Look, I wanted to look. I can't even get a food seminar together that I wanted to by now.

I want to get more into the human body with some simple experiments to show how all this stuff works by midsummer. I said, I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but it doesn't mean I can't talk about it and get other people to do it. And that's the whole thing.

I've always been trying to get other people to just. I don't know. I want to get a band together.

Does that make any sense? No, you know, I need it. I need to draw. OK, I need a drummer.

I need a guitarist. I need a vocalist. Does that make any sense? Yes, it does.

And you're starting to get people interested in at least learning how to play an instrument, which is good, because eventually you're going to come across somebody who's a decent enough drummer. You want to work with them. I mean, that was my experience from trying to build it from scratch.

Yeah, and all these subjects I require with the financial stuff. And I don't know. I mean, I'm just sitting back and watch.

Look, look, I'm not supposed to be here. So why am I going to act like I am? Right. But at the same time, you know, you make an effort.

You see how it goes. Whatever. OK, what else? You got any other questions? Yeah, I got a few.

What are the Greeks thoughts on aromatherapy? Any suggestion for some way to bring scent into the equation to make a day more productive, relaxing, et cetera? Should I open a day with certain things or close a day with certain things? These are all questions. Yeah, but don't get OK. The problem when you bring up aromatherapy right away, everyone's mind goes to the marketing side, which is all these essential oils.

Most essential oils that out there can actually do more harm than good because of their natural solvents like tea tree oil will dissolve plastic. Any plastic tea tree oil is pretty, yeah, pretty rough. I mean, actually, like, you know, you get a bottle of acetone in plastic and that's pretty aggressive.

Good for tea tree oil. They come back a week later and let me know how it's like chewing gum now. Right. 

Tea tree oil. So so right. So the thing it's just like vegan people.

Everything's got to have jackfruit. I'm like, oh, what's wrong with you? So what I'm saying is when aromatherapy is brought up because of the propaganda, everyone's going to run and buy someone's essential oil for some reason. That's not what aromatherapy is about.

Right. It's it's more like this. Remember the scratch and sniff stickers again in the 80s or 70s? Right.

Right. That's when that aromatherapy started. Otherwise, why do a scratch and sniff? Any other is they do anymore? No, there's no more scratches.

I haven't seen those in years. Yeah. Long, long time.

I don't know. Somebody. And if you went to eBay and bought one new old stock, guess what? It probably doesn't have any more sniff to it. 

Right. I don't know. It's probably stale. 

Yeah. So anyway, never seen him get that old. Happens. 

The smell of clean is the best you can have. Clean doesn't mean Dow Corning and Johnson and Johnson cleaners. Clean means water and rinsing.

And if you need an oxidizer, use hydrogen peroxide with a spray bottle on it. By the way, never dilute hydrogen peroxide and never expose hydrogen peroxide to light. That's why it always comes in the dark brown bottle.

It will. It'll do, which I want to when I start talking about water again, the most important thing for water is away from light. And I've been doing experiments with that.

And the fastest way to degrade water is to subject it to light. People say, well, I went to a beautiful lake and whatever. It was in the sunshine.

No, you know, we're talking about maintaining water quality. So keep it absent from light. Now, aromatherapy, get it where you can.

You know, if it smells good, eat it. It was a bumper sticker like that in the 70s. That was next to the one that said, no, no cashews, ass or grass or no ass without gas, grass or something.

Or no, no ride without cash, grass or ass. Yeah. Yeah.

And next to it was if it smells good, eat it and whatever. And smile. Yeah.

OK, so aromatherapy is not what the people that are getting into it now in the past 10, 15 years is. It's good stimulation. The best kind of clean is the good kind of clean.

I use that term all the time is keeping things clean. Doesn't mean using soaps and chemicals unless they're homemade soaps or, you know, organic soaps. But the best aromatherapy is actually fragrance and fragrance free pheromones that attract humans are actually sent.

They cannot be detected. Right. It's like, you know, when you get a hearing test and it goes above your ear, you don't raise your hand.

But there is a frequency being there. But they're so the the best aromatherapy are the ones that you don't pick up as having an aroma, believe it or not. And then it goes down to fresh things like when you go to, you know, when you walk into a really good organic market on the vegetable side.

Right. Smells really good. And then the meat side smells like meat.

And then you go to the cleaner side. That's not toxic. It just, you know.

All right. So if you get used to walking around like a natural market, I would say whole foods, but I don't know how good natural market is. Aromatherapy. 

Right. And you start tuning yourself, but don't don't please. I'm not saying don't buy essential oils, but don't fall for that trap because they do have aromatherapy kits and it's 50 bucks.

And guess what? All these little bottles of what? Essential oils. And most of them are toxic. If you use them the way that they they have to be diluted.

They're natural solvents. No different than getting some petrol or gasoline or WD-40. No different. 

Right. So, you know, you're not for the using the melts and all that kind of stuff. No, no, especially no heat changes it.

When you get more into the induction, you'll understand. Most of them will become toxic to you. You might get. 

Oh, yeah. Smell that cinnamon. Yeah. 

Oh, smell that geranium. It smells nice for a minute. Yeah, it's toxic.

It's going to end up being toxic to you. And it's going to be another fad that you pass through your life. Don't fall for that is what I'm trying to say.

Fair enough. So they have another question here, and I'm going to boil it down real fast about marriage. OK, so they note that you're married, but also you're not having children.

You're not procreating. But you also recently mentioned that the whole purpose of, you know, sex is procreation. That's all.

What if you hold on in terms of purpose? You got anything else? Let me know in terms of purpose. Well, what that word means. Ultimately, the question is, what is the purpose of a marriage if you're not procreating? Well, it's supposed to be partnership coupling.

You know, there are certain animals that that what are they? What are they called? Couple for life. I think doves do that. Right.

Who knows? I mean, dolphins, I think they say. Yeah, we have to trust what they tell us to a degree. But the idea is cute to think about the idea.

It's not for everyone. I think it's it's it's a matter of, you know, that term I got you, right? You know, you know, you got somebody got got your back. But, you know, what's the interesting thing in Western society, especially American, the most horrific stories of betrayal come from what? Oh, yeah. 

People that have been married. People that are married are the worst. So you could scratch what I said right there.

If you feel like you're in that category, it's a tough one. If I had to do it all over again, yeah, I'd do it. That's why I keep saying being here is a complete waste of time.

How many times you heard someone, you know, they're in prison? Would you regret it? No, I don't regret it. You know, or, you know, I lost everything in a bad business deal. I don't regret it. 

I would do it. Yeah, I understand. If you lived in a real world, there would be very clear demarcations about, oh, no, I would never do that again instead of most of the time.

Oh, yeah, I understand why. Yeah, I would do it again, you know, wherever I would. That it was not it wouldn't be this wishy washy.

You'd have more black and white, very clear yeses and no's. Well, we don't live in a real world because we're here to waste our time. So if you're wasting your time alone or with a marriage or in prison or out in the world, it doesn't fucking matter because it's everything here is a waste of time.

It's just passing the time. Fair. Right.

So how do you want to pass your time? Well, there is no specific instruction to marriage other than if you want a specific instruction on marriage, read the old test. Yeah. Yeah. 

Fair enough. But that's that's why they were asking, though, because it just seems like procreation is one of the keys to marriage. But, you know, but if you're not doing that, why be married is the question.

Anyway, forget it. That's that's all good. And we're here to waste time.

But last question is that they've always felt that music definitely has a spiritual element to it and all that. But the question for you is, does it is it a useful tool when it comes to emo work music? Of course. So well, again, we go back to the sound, which is a very broad topic.

Let me just say this. Your survival is not based on your sight, right? You're in a dark forest, can't see we're in a cave. Your height, your survival and your defensibility and all that depends on location, on sound.

Sound is so important. Right. And half of the time that you're breathing, you have to rely on sound if you're in a natural world, because guess what? It's dark. 

Your sound is underrated. That's why one of the things is wherever you go is crappy sound, whether, you know, wherever you go, everything sounds terrible. We have a fix for that, by the way.

But it's not you're not going to get it unless you get it from me or anyone that's I'm working with a fully coherent sound. It's a very simple fix, very inexpensive. It could be put into production very easily.

But you don't get this stuff, just like you get toxic food and all that. But music, music is people ask me what kind of music you like. It's like asking me what kind of food do I like? You mean like salty, savory, sweet? What? There's no such thing as what what sound.

If it sounds good, if it's well done to you. Right. Like, for example, you know, the mosh pit songs, you know, that call when I walk in a place of playing that heavy metal.

Sure. I'm like, oh, you're playing love songs. Right.

And I could see how I don't like that, but I could see how I could get into it because I recently was somewhere waiting and I heard the whole song. It was like some band out of Sweden. Right.

And heavy, very heavy. Right. And I was like, I get it, I get it there, you know, but it's not my type of music. 

Right. You see, like I met someone recently who were like, oh, I don't like jazz music. I mean, how can you say that? How can you say I don't like jazz music? That's stupid.

You know, keep your mouth shut, you know, because you sound dumb. Now, when it comes to music, look, I like some things. I don't like some others.

And you know what? It changes over time. And my mood changes. I might be more happy.

And also what's being delivered. Like somebody, I don't like Chinese food. How can you say that? I mean, how do you know? I mean, you know, it's always different.

And at what level, you know, are you operating on, you know? So, yeah, the music is extremely important. As a matter of fact, I for when I'm having, let's say, a challenge, challenges in my life. And I know I need to sleep well.

I put some music on in the background. Right. And what I do is I go to Nemo's dreamscapes and he it sounds like 1930s old.

He's playing in the background with rain. All right. So YouTube channel and yeah.

Antique radio playing music in the background in another room. Right. Cool. 

And that'll just lull you away. Who knows what kind of subliminal crap is in there, too. But that really helps.

And yeah, you will you will find if you integrate music into your life properly. The only thing is. I've seen people that can't afford a system or have roommates where they get headphones, don't don't get stuck on the headphones because music is tactile.

You get more information through your skin when you're relaxing with music and not listening to it directly than you do through your ears.