I'll probably listen to this 203 really quickly before I get the Greek back into the role he was on before and answer some questions. Want to let all you guys know something, a recent ruling against Apple in an antitrust court might make it so you guys who are using Apple to receive the rated Y through Patreon, you guys were getting charged extra. Now that had nothing to do with us.

I opted out of it having to do with us because guess what? Some creators are getting refund problems right now, right? You guys can ask Patreon for a little bit of a refund, but we didn't pile on with that because I opted out. So some of you might be able to get just about enough money back to get a free month or more. Well, what I would suggest is make a short version of the class, probably class action, right? Yeah, just copy the court case and sue them.

Yeah, it was an antitrust ruling is what happened, I think, as a result of a class action. I'd have to look it up again. Oh, okay.

But I just have to go to... Whenever there's a class action, don't join it. No, no, no, no, no. Make yourself a summary of the court and then sue them independently for a lot more than the people, the $50 or $200 check they got, you sue them in six figures, seven figures, right? So they settled with six figures, right? If you guys want to go through lawsuits and everything, great.

If you want to do a short thing, though, you could just probably request it at this... I've been told that you can request and wind up with a few bucks back that you were being overcharged for. That's all. By the way, another conversation I was having with someone recently, I was also a sob, I was saying, I'm looking at corporate acquisition memorandum and notes from their meetings, and they're really boring.

I mean, we're looking at... But if you know what you're looking for, at one part of the transaction, they said, we've got received the bills of exchange. So when one company does a thing with another, they just send them a bill and they endorse it back and forth. There's no money.

When Bill Gates wants to buy a house, let's say he has a hundred million in his bank account. He buys a $50 million house. What do you think his bank account is at? It's still at a hundred million.

Does he have a mortgage? No. Because he uses bills of exchange. And these corporations, it's going to get worse, people, in other words, because they know there's a little bit of time left.

I was just going to ask you a question about that, because in context, Bill Gates just went on and did a little media tour about how he's going to give away the half of his fortune that he still has, because he got divorced and gave half to Linda. Yeah, it's all talk for the... It's unbelievable how stupid the society is when it comes to financial stuff. They're just as stupid as they are about the medical and the legal.

They don't know anything. And I'm talking about the people, the professionals in the field are just as bad. Okay.

What did we say? What did we say? All right, children, what did we say? If you're going to be, quote unquote, a famous or important person, right, and you're going to be dealing with the public, you know nothing. You're not allowed to know anything. Of course.

So do doctors and lawyers and whatever and professors deal with the public? Yes. That means they know nothing. And if they did know something, and they spoke to the public who knows nothing... They wouldn't understand what language they were speaking.

That's why... That's a guarantee. That's a guarantee. Like decades ago.

That's why you can't have education. People would shut up and say, I don't know what the hell's going on here. Well, that's why I find it funny every once in a while when I'm like, that's a legitimate piece of information and nobody cares.

They're focusing on everything else, but it's just hilarious to me because Bill Gates just did this thing, I just want to tell you, where he's announcing that he's going to liquidate his whole fortune to other people before he dies, basically. That's what he said. And I'm like, wow, that's interesting.

Yeah, it's well, because he needs to compensate, you know, he's not a doctor, but he was the number one medical advisors from 2020 into 2022, right? Yeah, well, I mean, half the continent of Africa... Who's not a doctor either. He doesn't even know what an aspirin is. Well, at least doctors know the drugs, you know.

Right, half of the continent of Africa got medicine through the Gates Foundation. I mean, I'm just saying. Yeah, they didn't have diabetes or AIDS until he showed up, right? That's the other part.

Remember, diabetes and AIDS is caused by the treatment, right? It's a fictional diagnosis. Yeah. Yeah.

It's pretty sad. And you'll never, if you get treatment for any of those, it's just going to get worse and worse. So, and we've had some people in the chat say, oh my gosh, Greek, I fell for that.

How do I get off of it? I said, well, I can't, I don't have direct experience. I only give information on mostly direct experience, you know. So, and I'm not the only one saying this, that most of the diseases people are diagnosed with are fictional diagnosis.

And you could tell it's fictional by when they give you the report. It doesn't say anything. Speaking of direct experiences, you and I both discussed on, I think it was the last Sonic, these mop-shaped type beings.

Oh yeah, yeah, the attackers. Yeah, and it caused a couple of comments to come up. And I think, you know, they're sort of right, but they're also sort of wrong.

So the best one, I don't have access to the Patreon. I don't do, you know, by the way, just a little footnote, guys, we meet twice a week and I just hit say, okay, hit record. And that's it.

I don't, I go to the Chitango or Chilling Creek Chitango because I feel like that's like a stepchild and a, but I do go see what activity, but that's it. I don't know what else is going on. I don't have a single Sonic downloaded.

I've never heard a single Sonic ever from this. I don't even know. I can't even access them if I wanted to, I have to get somebody's password or join myself.

So, but anyway, go ahead. That's the footnote. I, I gather all the questions just for, you know, I gather the questions you're supposed to do.

Yeah. And I have Kim administering the, you know, the, the, the pointless stuff and then I get the material. So anyway, Tom wrote this and it's kind of represents a whole bunch of them.

Okay. Just letting you know. The moppings described in dreams are reminiscent of the ones in Fantasia, according to Tom.

And I'm saying, well, kind of, yeah, but also no, they're not the same, but the idea is similar, right? I mean, I'm checking with you because you and I both things look like mop things, but they're as light as dandelions when they go to seed, right? It's almost ethereal, ethereal. It's similar to those things in Fantasia though. Right.

But it's, it, there's something else different about them and they are vicious. I'll tell you that, uh, you know, the, those, those things on Fantasia, they're dancing, they're kind of, you know, interesting, hypnotic, but these are not hypnotically dancing. These are some vicious creatures, whatever they are.

Yeah. Like a Star Trek, you know, were you touched by that thing? You know? Oh yeah. It's that bad.

You don't want it touching you. I had one land on my arm and then I had to wake up. Right.

So, uh, yeah, but, okay, uh, let's do another question and then we'll jump back to the robustness of the human condition. Well, fair enough. This has to do with the human condition.

Uh, let's see. I would like to hear some thoughts on receding gums. What is the best treatment and what's really the cause behind it? Many people seem to have this condition.

Young. Okay. Well, the gums are supposed to be soft and expansive, right? Because when they're expensive, they'd go to the base, the gingival edge and all that.

So when you, and you have flexible, as well, because right. Well, that's more of the PDL, the periodontal ligament, but, uh, receding gums is that a young, uh, contraction for, you know, yin and yang, you know, the universal principle, it's contracting, they're contracting, receding, um, and the pulling away. So you want those to expand.

And, um, one of the ways, uh, I've done it for a little while with, with some success and some people really have good testimonials with what's called oil pulling in the morning. You just gargle with don't swallow gargle with some sesame oil or, um, olive oil or something like that. Yeah.

I was very acidic. Um, look up oil pulling techniques. The other thing that I know works well when I was having problems, let's say 10 years ago with that and, uh, citrus, uh, not juices, uh, industrial, you know, uh, citrus, if it's a citrus, um, you know, just cut a slice of orange, put it in your mouth, chew it and swallow it.

Right. Uh, citrus is very helpful. The other thing is like cornbread, cornbread, tortillas, good cornbread, uh, did I say cornbread? You did.

Yeah. Yeah. The good stuff.

Um, not the GMO. Um, that's very good for the gums as well. And actually when you think of corn, if you just had a little section of corn, it looks like teeth, doesn't it? Going across.

Doesn't it? It does. Very interesting. Yeah.

And the citrus is not the vitamin C by the way. No one knows what's in, you know how they say it's vitamin C then Greek, because I know nine, nine or 10 people are going to say that no one knows what's in an orange dude. No one knows.

And you're like, that sounds ridiculous on its face, right? If you have the indoctrination, how do they tell you there's these minerals or these acids or these things are in food? Do you know what they do? They take the fruit and they smash it and then they burn it, heat it into a powder and then combine other chemicals with it. Right. It sounds like a blood glucose test, right? Anyway.

Yeah. And so it's no longer the same thing. It's no longer, we don't know what's in an orange, right? So this is where like someone asked a question about the nine star key.

It's actually almost 4,000 years of, of gathering data and compiling it and saying, well, statistically people who have a left mole on their left cheek between the side of their nose and their mouth are not good managers. They can't manage people. So it sounds ridiculous, right? But that's scientifically information gathered, right? Or the people born around this time, you know, these things, you know, this is all information that we've gathered.

We're not, you know, divining anything. We're dividing. There's a difference between dividing and divining.

So that would be the receding gum thing. The other thing is avoid animal and avoid salts, but salts, there are salts that are healing and salts that are not, and are damaging. The commercial salts are damaging typically.

The healing salts are the natural salts. And I wouldn't do, there's a big thing about Himalayan salt that comes from land. Sea salt is much more beneficial than that pink.

There's a big craze about the pink. Red and pink. Right, right.

Yeah, that I find to be harsh and I don't find it to have healing properties. It might have healing properties if it's combined with something to turn it around because it's very powerful. But the quality sea salt would help.

And by the way, years ago, even now, if you have a tooth pulled or whatever, the dentist gives you, it says rinse with warm salt water, right? Yeah, I've always done that. Yeah, yeah. And that would actually help.

But ingesting it in your food will contract the gums. And it's also, being in the gums, the upper part of the body, that's where all the yin, the expansive things rush to. So if you're having a contractive stuff happening on the upper body, it's usually an irritation.

So it's good to find in your diet what's irritating you, right? In other words, if you know you're sensitive to something, remove that from your diet and that would probably help. But fewer animal products also help, I've noticed. But the oil pulling, just look up online what oil pulling is for dental health, let's say dental fitness, right? And citrus also helps, and corn also helps, eating corn.

Not necessarily, it could be corn flour, however you take it, cornbread. Just do a little regimen of that and you should have a stabilization. Very rarely do they grow back, but you'll slow it down.

Right. I had a neurosurgeon talk to me about the use of hot and cold for different effects for this as well. Sure.

So what are your thoughts on that? Well, avoid hot and cold. You want to have moderate temperature in the mouth. There's a reason why, oh, that's too cold on my teeth, or that's too hot in my mouth.

There's a reason for that. Well, doing healing, you definitely want me to be moderate about it, but sometimes if there was an issue, like if you end up with a dry socket or whatever, right? Oh, dry, oh, that's horrible, yeah. Most people do if they don't, yeah.

So the use of hot and cold, I forget how it went, because I was always careful not to get the damn dry socket, because I didn't want to go through that. Yeah, dry socket also comes if they don't clean out the PDL, or the best way to lose a tooth is a tooth that's just rotten and has high mobility and comes out easily because the PDL's been dissolved by the body, but yeah, it's the PDL mostly. Most dentists don't even clean the socket.

They just pull the tooth and send you on your way. There are some that do, some that do, but yeah. I advise people, I say, my so-and-so's going to the dentist, what should I say? They say, well, what are they going for? Make sure, and then when they bring this up, like what I mentioned, they should advise the dentist is usually very surprised and pretty happy about it, usually, that you know this stuff, and you say, yeah, I'll do my best, right? So you've got to watch these guys.

When you're dealing with people in law, oh, that's the worst, or medical stuff, you better know exactly what you want, I mean, down to the T, and then have the reason you're going to them is because you can't do it yourself for some reason, right? Just like when you get a haircut, right? Don't you tell them exactly what you want, typically? Oh, yeah. You know? Yeah, I mean, so it's very much, think of it, you know, the typical thing, take a little off the top, more off the sides, whatever, you know, it's the same thing when you go to a legal or, heaven forbid, oh, my gosh, I almost, my legs got shaky, if you ever, don't, ugh, if you ever have to go to an attorney for anything, I mean, oh, my gosh, that's like, ugh, that's like really gross, but anyway, I understand the doctor part, right? Because you may not be able to pull something out of your butt on your own, but, you know, whatever, and don't look, because there's a lot of people that go for that kind of stuff, like polyps and all that, you don't even need, that's dietary change, you can, those things disappear within days if you change your diet properly, or you know how to balance it out, those things usually get worse. You wouldn't believe, I know at least three people whose mom was, you know, 60s, 70s, and she had a small growth on her foot, and then they removed the growth, it got worse, and they had to remove her foot, and then they had to remove it to the knee, and then they had to remove it to her thigh, then they had to remove her lung, and then she died.

Right. So some things need to be done internally, they do too much use of surgery and chemistry, because I know three people, over the past three decades, that have given me a story like that. Right.

You know, I'm talking about a little tiny growth or whatever, and you know, they end up dying within a year, and anyway, and I think I mentioned I had a doctor client, and he parked his three-car garage, all cars were always outside, not in the garage, and one day, he invites me into the house, and he couldn't park the cars in the garage, because there were banker's boxes full of documents, mostly lawsuits, filling the space that three cars would fill. So, just wanted to let you know. No problem.

Listen, about water quality, somebody asked something, now, they're kind of behind, because they could have gotten in on the aqueous argentum thing earlier, but anyway, I was listening to an older podcast where Greek talks about what he calls aqueous argentum. Right, because it's not colloidal silver, right? Yes. How easy is it to learn how to make it for someone who knows nothing about it? I would like to dive into it.

Well, it depends on your sensibilities. The simplest way to explain it is everything that's online about making colloidal silver is BS. Don't do it.

It's toxic. I have to side with the FDA on that. Regardless of the testimonials, it's toxic.

As a matter of fact, a lot of the pharmaceuticals are known to be toxic, sometimes do work, right? So, the aqueous argentum is, you want to use a biological form of electricity which would be less than one and a half volts across the two electrodes. If you can't do that, you put a neutral electrode, use three electrodes, the center electrode is not attached to anything, it's spaced very nicely, or very well, and just the outer two electrodes are. I personally make a unit that plugs into a USB, I've posted the circuit on the Chitango, I've posted what it looks like, and all that.

I can't make them now. I can, but I won't. I think it was $200 for one, and if you gave me $400, I wouldn't make one.

It's just that much time. But at least you got to see what a well-crafted unit should look like. We actually did a giveaway of one.

I don't know what I was thinking, but yeah, we are benevolent. We did a giveaway of one of these units, by the way. Right, and we had a lot of reports, you wouldn't mind me using his name, Joe, I don't know if he's around anymore, but he was sharing it with his family in his neighborhood, and they had a lot of positive results.

But basically the idea is, go study how to make colloidal silver, but don't use any of the voltages that they suggest, it should be less than one and a half volts. Now a typical battery cell, single cell, whether it's A, triple A, double A, C, D, sounds like bra sizes, right? Anyway, make sure when you're out of the package, they're 1.7 volts. Just use it a little bit until the voltage gets down to 1.5 or 1.3 is even better.

Closer to one is even better if you have a high mineral content in your water, and that's it, and just a few minutes, if not less than a minute. Joe was grateful enough that he told me, and nobody has asked a question like this in a long time, but he told me a while ago, if this person who asked the question wants to get in touch with me, let me know on the chat on the Patreon, and I will put you in touch with Joe, because Joe was willing to make some, and even explain stuff to somebody. So we could pass this along, and he said that he was grateful that he would be willing to pass it along to somebody else if they asked.

So this is the first time somebody asked, there you go. Let me know, and I will put you in touch with Joe. That's fine.

Joe has the unit that I built, so... And also, he's mechanically inclined enough that I bet you they could reproduce one if they wanted to. Well, the circuit is potted, so you need the diagram for the circuit, which I've posted. And if anyone sends me an email regarding this, actually I shouldn't put my time out like that, but I will, UncommonSenseRadio1 at gmail.com. If you want to, just send it to me once, and I'll keep it.

Yeah, I'll send you the images and the circuit, because the circuit is an interesting... I call it proprietary, because I'm making a very simple junction, also incorporating the LED. The LED and the circuit lets you know if it's working, because if it's not in the water, the LED is off, and when you put it in the water and you have proper power, the LED comes on as an indicator. It's kind of a neat thing.

So what you do is just pass it to me as your administrator, I'll know it. I'll do that tonight. I'll drop the blueprint for that.

There we go. So I will have the blueprint. If you are inclined enough to create it, no problem.

Then you can. Yeah. All right.

Yeah, let's go back to the robustness of the human before I run out of steam. Well, just one last piece, then, and then we'll be all cleared up, as far as I'm concerned, I think. Yes, I'd like to agree to comment, if we can cast him out... Oh, this is back to the mop creature thing.

Okay, just let me... Oh, okay. If we can cast him out for good, probably not for good, but does he do any daily cleansing of entities to declutter? This is a big part of shamanic culture to psychopomp, psychopomp, I guess, yeah, that's the word. No, not daily.

Yeah, good. No, it's constantly. You have to train yourself to do it constantly.

An example would be, people spend a lot of time on a computer, you walk up and look at the screen, you see they have a lot of bookmarks, things open, tabs open? Yeah. And they're always like that. Okay, you open a tab on keeping these things and being conscious of them, and it's constantly on, just like when they talk about prayer, you know, the Christian thing, you get down and you're always in the constant state of that.

It's a way to relate. It's kind of like, imagine you've got to change water pump in a car and watch a National Geographic video on Alaska at the same time. Can you do that? Can you put two videos on at the same time and take in information from both? So it's not easy, but it's simple, right? I'm not talking about playing two songs at the same time that kind of don't work.

I'm talking about two separate things. So what happens in the beginning, you have your normal you, usual self, but in the background, you're constantly running this awareness scheme around you. And sometimes you highlight it, like if you're going to do something important in a room, this is a Walter Russell thing, you go in the room, tell them to get out and then slam the door, make a gesture, or with your hand, make a gesture out, you know, you know that sweeping hand where your hand goes above your shoulders and you sweep down towards the floor out, right? Make these gestures and they will follow.

Remember, in most cases, they're envious of us being in a three in this physical body, even though they know we are limited. It's kind of like people watching someone that's sitting in a Formula One race car, you know how limited you are sitting in a Formula One race car, but people are envious of it, right? You see? So you're in this incredible situation, condition, you're so limited in comparison, and anyone who's in this physical world who just wants to be, I wish I was a spirit or whatever is really missing out. There's a difference, you know, the physical experience.

Now, a lot of times I say I've had enough and I've had enough, just like if I walk into someone takes me to a movie, I'm famous for this, by the way, because I worked in film and I know what a good film is, within the first minute or two minutes, if I see this is going to be a piece of shit movie, I say, I'll be back. Enjoy the movie. I walk out and usually movie theaters are not in the middle of nowhere, right? You can walk around the mall, you can walk around for two hours or hour and a half, right? I do that.

So I'm like, if I go to a party or I got to go, you know, and I'll tell them why the food is not as is not what I expected, you know, and nothing to the host or whatever. This is a way of saying things. Everyone has their own way, you know, just to excuse yourself.

It's fine to excuse yourself. And it's okay to excuse yourself from this reality, right? But to want to be just a spirit, I think you're missing out, missing the point of being in a physical body. But anyway, no, there's no way to, there's no daily thing.

It's a constant thing. That's the aorist tense is, is a tense and aorist in, in literature and it means it's a constant thing. So that would be that.

Okay. Okay. Fair enough.

So I guess we should just get back to the robustness and close out with that. Definitely. Because, oh yeah.

I think, yeah, this is just like a coaching session because, you know, people, you know, we're so, I include myself up until later in life, well actually until the eighties, when you needed a subject matter, always any subject matter that had a quote unquote professional field attached to it was where you should go. If it was legal, you get a lawyer, a doctor, you get this, right, whatever, right? Spiritually go to a priest and you tell him whatever you have marital problems, he says, oh, just get her together and bake cookies. Right.

Well, you know, stupid shit. These people don't, you know, they're, they're lost. Both people are lost.

Remember when you have these professionals, whatever professional you want to pick, did they come from Jupiter or Mars or a series or some other planet or are they humans came from here? Yeah. From here. So it can't be good if you're paying attention, you know, so it doesn't mean they're bad, but they're definitely not good.

That's one thing that I always bring up, you know, does it, does it make these people at Catholics? Are they bad people? Well, no. Here's the thing about being Catholic. You're either totally ignorant of the Bible in history, which makes you ignorant, or you know what's going on.

You're just an evil son of a bitch pushing the thing. Right. So does that mean they're bad people? No, but they ain't good.

That's for sure. So you, you can not be good and not be bad. It's just this gray mat.

It's called gray, gray water. It's like this lesser lesser of two evils concept. They always throw at you.

It's a lesser of two evils, but it's still an evil, right? It's a lesser, but there are bad doctors and there are bad attorneys that are, there are some pretty good, you know, there are attorneys that scour whatever to steal from people's public records. That's their thing. You know, they won't admit it, but it's pretty common.

And there are scumbags, but yeah, every, every death camp in throughout history in the 20th century was headed by a doctor, a doctor. Yeah. It's a fact.

Every death camp, you know, when you go to a Walmart and they got a picture of the manager on the wall, right? Or the state department, they got a picture of the president on the wall. Every death camp had a picture. I'm just saying the metaphor of the doctor who runs the thing, right? So anyway, we're so brainwashed to go to these things, right? You have to treat them.

If you're going to go to these things, these professionals, the way they act and what they purvey in society is almost as if they are a predatory species and they are predatory without them even knowing it most of the time is the way you would go to a hair cutter. You tell them like they ask you, so how would you, what would you like the same as the last time, you know, or how do you, or the first time going to a hair cutter, this is how I'd like you bring a picture, right? You bring a picture of a magazine, right, or whatever. So if you're going to go to a doctor lawyer, you bring the code, you got to know the laws with the lawyer.

He won't know any of that, by the way, I assure you. And the doctor, he'll be shocked because I haven't seen anything like that since college, even though I've been practicing for 25 years, you know, because they do give some things, you know, some procedures in college and all that. So you're going to have to do more studying.

So that means no Netflix. Well, you know, Oh no, no. Greek says no Netflix.

No. Well, less Netflix, less cop shows, less sitcoms, but I don't do any of that. Well, less of what you're doing.

That is not what I just mentioned that you might need to know less of whatever you have plenty of time. You know, typically if you're going to have a medical procedure done, it's not like tomorrow. It's not, you know, if you're ambulatory or whatever, it's usually a month or so.

So start researching it. Don't trust these mother effers, right at all. Trust no man is a, is a maximum, isn't it? Right.

So going back to the robustness to break away and you, you're going to have to be a DIY or in everything here, because you know, you know how I give advice, don't go live out off the grid. We should be living in a city, a harmonious city. And most people that have lived off the grid came back and said, yeah, man.

But the problem is you have to create a harmonious. So the city is a jungle in a way, because the way it's set up, we have predators at the top of the elite social ladder. We're predated on, we're basically treated like cattle, you know, head count comes from cattle, only cattle have had, and they do that in schools, prisons, whatever.

So you're being treated as cattle. And once you know that you're going to have to be a little more of a DIY or sort of like in between suburban urban and living out in the country, like grizzly Adams, I don't know if people are old enough. You don't even know grizzly.

Adam is looking up. Right. I remember those from the 70s, I think.

Right. Yeah. So you're going to have to you can't be convenient, right? No, nothing is convenient.

And you're going to find joy in it. If you have hobbies, I feel sorry for you. That means you've fallen down the trap.

There's not enough time in the day, the week, the month or the year to learn what you should have learned when you were a child. So scrap your hobbies. You know, whatever that might be.

Your hobby is a waste of time. Everything is a waste of time. But you're going to need to focus on all the things that are necessary in life for yourself, your family and the people around you, which is learning law, learning medical stuff.

I'm sorry. And such as both are such a distraction, learning about how things really work and learning how to do things, fix things, make things right. Your hobbies are a waste of time.

Does that mean that? Well, like if you play golf, forget it. You're an idiot. It's such a waste of time.

That's a purely. Yes. If you play golf or whatever, because it's in certain circles, that's where the meetings are done.

Right. And you get to know people for business there. Yeah.

But practicing that is stupid and it is a very stupid thing, especially now the way things are. You should be more supportive of the people around you. And how are you going to support them if you know nothing? And if you think you have an education on anything, you know nothing.

You're all a bunch of memes and what do you call it, cliches and all this stuff. And trusting to these professional morons that there is not enough time in the day, the week, the month or the year to learn what you should have learned by the age of nine or ten, which is how the body works, how the law of things work, both natural and man's law. Your spirituality has nothing to do with these religions at all.

Spirituality is your mindset, having a clean, sharp mind that you can apply wisdom, knowing what's wrong or right. There are wrongs and rights. There's maxims of law you need to study.

So when I have run into people, I've had years ago, have meetings like Skype and call and say, oh, I'm playing golf tomorrow, but, you know, practicing, you're an idiot. Golf. Are you kidding? There's not enough time in the day, the month, the year or the week to learn about anything.

These hobbies need to go away. Now it's different than if you're doing it because you appreciate a certain level of fitness like running or cycling or swimming. I'm not saying don't do that, but don't go to a freaking swimming camp with some idiots over the whole weekend to go do whatever.

It's a waste of time. Right. Now, does it sound like I have a sense of urgency in my voice? Yeah, because that's how things really are when you wake up.

Now, even when you sleep, don't you want to sleep comfortably? And I'm telling you, most of the stuff that people waste their time with will bring you into very inconvenient situations because you'll be more trusting of these people that know nothing. No, they don't know more than you do. They have the appearance of knowing a doctor and a lawyer have the appearance of knowing more than you do, but they don't.

And because they all operate in the same thing, ask them whatever and they answer the same. They have to tell you what's on CNN. That's all they're taught.

Now, the robustness of the human body. Also, this is a segue that was more like the mental part. The more of a segue I'm going to get into hygiene.

Hygiene means actually, yeah, you know, it actually means health and well-being. The means well-being generally. And I notice there's a big problem with that with people because of the chemical age, your cleaners and the way you live in your abode and all that stuff.

There's something called outgassing. And I'm going to bounce around here. You ever walk down a supermarket aisle? And even if you were blindfolded, you know what aisle you're on by the smell.

You ever walk down the cleaner aisle? It burns your eyes, right? Aren't all those bottles sealed in the supermarket? Well, they are. They're just about as sealed there as they're going to be when you bring them home. And they're actually going to be less sealed once you bring them home and start using them and close them up again.

Right, right. That's what's happening in your house. You're being like homeopathically poisoned by these poisons, petrochemical stuff.

Right. So what I suggest to people, besides the point, if you live in one of these what I call ticky tacky stick and mud houses that are built here in America since the 80s, all that material that they're sheathing the house with, you know, sticks and mud, they put up these sticks, two by fours, and they put plywood, the particle board on the outside. Then they put the, you know, the licum stick and bricks.

Right, right. You know, peel and stick bricks or whatever they're doing. OK, that's 20 percent formaldehyde.

What's formaldehyde? I'm not going to get into that. Go look at the particle board. It's 20 percent, 15 percent formaldehyde.

You're living in an embalming chamber. So if you live in a modern house less than 40 years old, you must have windows open no matter how cold, not all the way open, just slightly open. Now, as a matter of fact, anyone who lives in one of these ticky tacky houses, subdivisions or whatever, will know that if you have more than one story on the top floor, this looks like a bathroom vent fan that's always running to create a negative pressure. 

So these chemicals go out and people don't start dropping dead because some people are more like a canary in the coal mine. Right. So, yeah, anybody who who hears this and has that will be like, oh, shit, what do I do? Move.

Anyway, you're going to need to ventilate those spaces. That's part of hygiene. The other thing is washing.

A lot of the soaps were much worse in the 70s and things like that. Soaps are getting a little milder with the chemicals that are in them. Minimal soap.

Your focus on hygiene is your face, your armpits, your groin and your feet. Now, in terms of hygiene for your personal body, I'm going to jump back to your living space for your maybe I'll jump back to living space right now. So I remember when I was dictating these things back in the 80s, I walk into someone's kitchen. 

I could smell the chemical stuff. What you do is you put all the chemical cleaners you have, laundry detergents under the sink. Usually they go bathroom sink under the bathroom, under the kitchen sink or in a side closet. 

Put them all together in a box. If you have chlorine and ammonia, separate them because together they become mustard gas, by the way. They go into what I call the chemical closet chemical box.

Keep it on the freaking fire escape if you have to keep it out of your environment. Find a space if you live in an apartment in someone else's apartment, right? Uh huh. So in the basement or a little storage room, keep all that shit out from where you live, not in the same living space or near a window, but a window that you're not relying on fresh air, a window that was more like sending the air out like a vented area.

Yeah. So if you have a real like leaky house where it's kind of like, you know, you have, you know, you don't have gaskets in the window, keep these things near a place where they could be vented away from your living space. It's very important. 

And the hygiene also, what do you use for cleaning plain water? Basic soaps like Borax, the natural dishwashing liquid. Make sure you have hydrogen peroxide in a spray bottle. It has to be. 

You just use the same bottle that comes in. Hydrogen peroxide exposed to light is worthless within three days. It's as a lower pH.

It's a very strong oxidizer. You know that oxy clean stuff. All it is is citric acid or on hydrogen peroxide and some reaction.

Right. So hydrogen peroxide is an overall cleaner. If you have pets, things like that, you know, whatever pet pee, baby vomit, whatever oxidizes, cleans, make sure you use a plastic bag and paper towels to pick it up.

Don't put your hands in it. You know, wrap the plastic bag around your hand. Right. 

And keep those things. So basically, your cleaning supplies should be minimized. And heaven forbid you're buying like Johnson and Johnson or Procter & Gamble cleaning products. 

Heaven forbid. Right. Make your own rubbing alcohol in a spray bottle is an amazing degreaser and cleaner. 

Amazing. It's actually an industry. Alcohol is a necessity as a degreaser for parts and things like that.

So learn how to use that. I don't know if I've done a sonic. That's your basic hygiene, ventilating your space, keeping yourself clean.

Now, going back to keeping yourself clean is the main thing about hygiene is face, armpits, groin. Now, this is like I don't know if anyone here is listening from a country where it's not popular to take showers. I live with these two French twins.

She looked like Catherine Beta, Beta Jones. And when I saw Catherine Beta Jones in the early days in the 80s, I saw her on TV. I said, oh, they finally made it to Hollywood.

And I was Catherine Beta Jones. Well, I knew these twins look just like her. Actually, they were fraternal. 

One was shorter than the other. And what's interesting is one time we're having dinner and one of them's like, it's Saturday, let's say. And she goes, I'm going to take a shower on Tuesday.

Like it's big news. Right. And I'm like, that's weird because I take a shower in the morning and I take a shower at night every day.

Right. Right. And they thought I was weird.

Right. So anyway. There are places where people don't wash and but when they do wash, they're concerned about the areas that I mentioned, face, armpits, groin and then feet.

Even in the Bible, washed his feet because they had sandals. They had boots also, but they're not mentioned. So those are the main concerns.

So when you want to save water, you have minimal water. You live on a submarine or whatever. You got a 30 second shower.

That's how you target yourself. Right. Face, you know, hands, of course, hands first, then face, then armpits, groin, feet. 

Now, one little thing here, because I've run into people that were in the military and various. So when you change environment, right. Like, for example, there was someone who was a colonel in the army and he stayed in Korea. 

When he came back, he had like a fungal infection on his fingernails between his fingers. And they blamed it on Americans coming back, you know, from Korea had that as like the fungus that's measured, by the way, is created by your own body. Right. 

Yeah, that's that's amazing because I think you have to catch everything from something else. When they pull blood from someone and they got TB in the blood, that TB did not come from someone else and entered your bloodstream. Your body created that just like the replicator on Star Trek creates whatever, you know, chocolate pudding.

Yeah. So anyway, this is beyond that. But they found like erythromycin and various things like that to be effective on it.

And he would put it on his hands and he says, I think I need to change the prescription to something stronger. And I said, well, are you putting it on your wrists also? I said, but it's not on my wrists. And I said, yes, I know that this is all about energy.

When you treat your hands, rub a little bit on your wrist, which is one of the strongest energy points in the body, by the way, go around the entire wrist like a bracelet. Right. Guess what? A week later, as I've been doing this for six months and now I did a thing on the wrist and a week it's gone.

But I'm going to keep going because I don't want to come back. So fine. But you notice when you do it on your OK, now people that have itchy feet, do they put medication on their feet for whatever they put it on their toe, on the nail or the heel, whatever is specific.

Right. But it says it put topically on the area affected. Right. 

You should put it around your ankle as well, even though the ankle is not affected. The ankle is a very powerful energetic area. Remember, once you understand these things are emergence, they're created by your body, even though they're measurable as being foreign and someone else doesn't have. 

Yes, they're on your body because your body made them. Just like an example. You know, the microscopic view of people's skin, these little mites that look like sci fi monsters.

Right. And some people freak out and keep taking showers to get rid of them. Actually, the heat and water makes them grow even more.

They come from your body, produces them. They're not jumping off something like the idiot medical people. You know, they'll say, well, it must have come from this or that.

They cannot fathom in their mind that your body nature is so incredible. Right. So again, the ankles and the wrists are very strong, energetic points, transfer of energy because they're always bent.

Right. What I mean by that is in the human flow, the flow of the human body, when you lock out your arm and your fingers straight ahead, your energy slows down. It's not like plumbing.

You know, you have a straight pipe. It runs through faster. No. 

When you bend your joints, the energy moves through much more freely, I should say, and more energy moves through. And that's why, like in the Matrix, when Neil puts his hands up and his palm backwards, oh, that's how you cut the energy off to your hand. Right. 

The way you bring energy to your hand is by limp wrist position forward fingers slightly. All the joints are slightly bent. That's you can even do that exercise.

The wrists and the ankles are typically bent, constantly moving. And they're always in a non locked out position. That's why people with back problems, when you stand, let's say if you're standing, you know, cooking, washing dishes or at work, I bet your knees are locked out. 

I never thought of that. Unlock your knees. They're like, oh, no, now it feels like I have to support my weight with your muscles. 

Right. Yeah. It's kind of tiring. 

Yeah, exactly. Learn how to do that. And then when you do lock out your knees, it'll be in a more beneficial position.

It could take up to a month to train yourself to stand with your knees not locked out. Right. It's amazing with the healing powers of just doing something like that, because, again, it's a it's an area where energy will flow better.

So now I sound like one of these energy airy fairy types. No, these these things that I'm telling you are experienced facts that work in almost all or most cases, most or all cases. So with hygiene, when you're treating the hands and treating the feet, you have to do the ankles and the wrists.

Why? Because the Greeks said so. Right. So do an experiment with that.

When you wash your hands, wash your wrists. You know, surgeons, you know, they scrub to the elbow. Right. 

As a matter of fact, they're so afraid of bugs that the the valves are controlled below the waist. Right. You know, a hospital sink.

Right. So a surgeon in surgery. So these things are integrated within the concept of why you're doing things.

So let's say you run into someone who is putting topical ointment on their feet. Suggest that they also wrap it around, put it on their ankles all the way around like a bracelet, right where on the ankle, you know, where the joint is. I mean, you want to get anatomically just around where the leg meets the foot, where the hand meets the the forearm for the wrist.

And you'll notice a massive improvement. That is also part of hygiene or well-being. Right.

And by the way, no one is discussing this. And I've never heard it discussed. And it works so well.

So the other thing with hygiene, of course, will ultimately is your food intake. And I don't know if I'm going to be doing a food seminar. I would like to.

And if I don't, we'll just start hammering it here for the subs. Yeah, it'll be stuff that you've never heard of before. And it'd be easy.

Again, the food intake is very important. The food seminar seminars when you're in person, it would be a webinar. Or a sonic, it would be actually I would reduce it to a sonic.

Excuse me, because it wouldn't be that hardcore. People that were around for the financial stuff for the weather work webinar, they did notice I was pretty hardcore on that. It was three, three hour sessions just to get into the subject, just to get into the subject, a working knowledge, a basic working knowledge.

I would have to do three nine hour sessions to get to the point. All right. We'll see 27 hours at least to become familiar.

We're in the we're not talking Q&A now in the three hour thing. Very little Q&A. But this is what it takes to learn.

You know, like everything they teach in school, even university, you could learn in two or three years, but they spread it out for 12. Why? Because they have to waste your time. Right. 

They know it. So and you know it, too, and you don't mind it. Right. 

Because how do I know? Because you stayed there. Right. No one ran away and said, I can't take it anymore.

I'm sure there are. Hopefully there are some people here that left after the eighth grade or before the eighth grade. Oh, my gosh, that's great.

You know, you get a medal for that, right? Screw the GED. I saw people, by the way, you know, they can't get out of school till 14 or whatever, and then they give them a hard time. Take the GED at 11.

I can teach an 11 or 12 year old how to pass the GED with flying colors very quickly. As a matter of fact, they actually give you last year's test. This year's test is slightly modified.

You're guaranteed an 85 by just doing the previous tests. Right. So if you're paying attention, you've seen that was last year's test.

Well, what do you think this year's test is going to be like? Right. Yeah. So slightly modified version.

Yeah. So you just play around. So the intellectual side is also part of the robustness. 

Right. Can you take a hint like one thing now? It's always been the same way, but it's coming at you faster as propaganda. How do you know you're being propaganda? You see all the media outlets repeating the same thing constantly.

And it does it with no they tell you it's science. They tell you it's facts, but there are it's completely devoid of science and facts. And usually it sounds like it's breaking the, quote unquote, laws of nature or physical laws.

It sounds like an impossibility. And you see this propaganda all over and over. And right now, you know what the propaganda is financial.

We're going to have a financial crash. Things are going to go bad. Well, no, they're not.

It's going to be quite the opposite. You're going to have a blip in the fall because that's when all financial hiccups happen. Right.

But yeah, so I just brought that up as an example. So that's the robustness of the human condition. Imagine the amount of propaganda that's been put on people to make them do things.

And they actually come through it. Right. And they look back at it, whether it's the world, what they call the World War conflicts or whatever.

And the 9-11, COVID, whatever. Same, same stuff, same programming. By the way, what you saw, the propaganda that you saw for COVID and 9-11 of the terror terrorism is exactly the same propaganda that they did for World War Two and World War One.

Exactly the same, the same script. Well, different subject matter, obviously. But the reason people don't see it is because most of it's been washed away.

Like, for example, if you try to research and do a documentary on the propaganda that was put out for COVID, you're going to have a hard time. Most of it's been washed away and not not stored. I mean, I'm sure like the CNN tapes are there somewhere, but you won't get access to them anymore. 

Right. All this, the propaganda and the BS they did for 9-11. You're going to have a hard time if you did a documentary on just the propaganda aspect. 

Right. What was put forward? You're going to have a hard time. They don't preserve it very well.

Fortunately, I was able to actually hold in my hand newspapers, live newspapers from the period of World War Two. And I was like, what a bunch of bullshit. I was exposed to this in the 80s.

And when I started seeing the propaganda, I was like, oh, this is like the stuff they did in World War Two. And people look at me like I was crazy. What are you talking about? World War Two? That was the greatest generation. 

No, shut up. Right. I'm like, oh, my gosh, you don't know the protests and all this stuff.

That's all that's hidden. You don't get that. Right. 

Right. But the 9-11 and the COVID was so shameful that they're not going to say that's the greatest generation we came through because of the vaccine. Right.

And by the way, I'll leave it off with this. According to stuff that's been studies have been done actually in the 20s and 30s about vaccines, and they were null and void. Right.

But then they picked it up again in the 30s, 40s and 50s with the polio, which was the DDT spray, the bug spray. Right. People don't know that most mainstream towns in America, for some reason it happens and it comes in cycles.

People would be out on Main Street shopping. And suddenly the sky gets dark with houseflies sweeping down on people, biting them. And the people start saying, why is this happening? We need some help.

So the government had the smart idea or the municipalities, not the government. These tanks of DDT and various other mixtures like that and fumigating, they're called it the public. Right. 

And they didn't care. People and then suddenly young children, even old people couldn't walk. And they said it was a polio virus. 

Right. Soon. And there's actually a woman that wrote a book about this.

It's called Spring Something. Right. About the DDT spraying.

There was no less than 10 or 15 doctors that testified in Congress about banning DDT because it's paralyzing people. And then the other side of the medical things, we have a vaccine for this thing called polio. So polio.

Right. And this thing came up also recently in Brazil about 10 years ago. The Zika or something.

Babies that couldn't walk because they had a mosquito problem. They were spraying DDT. There's no Zika virus.

They were spraying. They were fumigating DDT at night and the children couldn't walk. And they said it was a Zika virus.

Oh, my gosh. The same stupidity. This is like if you lived in a real world, the people pushing this would be hung and celebrated that they were hung, right? Or shot, you know, whatever.

And it's it's called the what's it called? The one bullet thing. You know, they tell you deliberately miss. You know, you go and get shoot at the firing squad.

It's a one bullet. No reload. It's called a no reload.

Yeah. Yeah. Everybody's you have a deniability.

You know, that person suffers. Yeah. Yeah. 

You shoot him in the leg, the arm. So he's got to be tied to the stake for eight hours where he bleeds out. I mean, this is the stuff that we're done to get back at people like this.

We you know, we don't have that kind of stuff anymore, but I'm sure it is in private. I mean, they did suffocate that Scalia judge with a pillow when he was at that sex ranch in Texas about a decade ago. But anyway, keep your thoughts, keep your opinions to yourself, Greek.

Right. Yeah. So the vaccine thing I've been studying that and the idea with that is no confusion in order for it to be legitimate.

You need a blood type to be considered your weight to be considered your gender, your race to be considered and your age. Mm hmm. Or you can go the rock and roll style.

I said, did you get the rock and roll shot? And they're like, what do you mean by rock and roll shot? I said, you know, when you go to a rock and roll concert and they sell shirts outside, one size fits all. Remember? Yeah. That's why I call it the rock and roll shot.

OK, so I think they'll wrap it up for.