Rated Y Sonic Event 217, now I made a little mistake the first couple of days when I posted 216 and didn't realize I was posting the wrong one. It's been corrected. So if you think the 216 is, I put up 215 again, it was a duplicate.

That's fine. It's fine. You know, we were just talking, by the way, about whether devices are off and we won't get wonky Sonics and, and I've had people that are subs come over here and see some of them we replicate.

And these are just hollow tubes with reflectors, meaning like just makeup mirrors you buy at the dollar store and a small nozzle of water, let's say on a big water gun or something, but passive, like primitive, you could have built these 200 years ago. Okay. So you mean like those little mirrors that come with the suction cup, that kind of thing? Yeah.

Or the compact mirrors, cause you need two mirrors and all that to build a translator. There's a certain specificity. Okay.

I had never really got into the golden mean ratio. Like a real effective one is like 22 and a half inches and they use that. You say you go above 22 and a half and below two and a half using the golden mean, discuss that with Trevor.

And we did experiments a while back and we're talking like 2013, 14 and it didn't really matter that much, but he said, do it anyway. But, you know, and I do, so that's why when people said, how big is your trend, the translators and I'm like, well, that one's about nine and three quarter inches and like, why not in three quarter? Cause it's a factor of 22 and a half. So whatever.

So who was it had a song, my big 10 inch, who was it? It was Aerosmith. I didn't have that one. No.

Okay. Look it up. Anyway.

So what's interesting about it around 2003 or so I was hanging out with some people from Raytheon and a guy's making 450,000 a year salary in 2003 and he's drives a 1989 Toyota Corolla with a broken air conditioner and all four tires are different tires, right? Okay. Yeah. Yeah.

Cause here you need air. Like even people that have, you know, they'll buy a big borrow and steal just to get their air conditioner fixed. Cause the car is 150 degrees locked up, right? Depending on where you live.

I mean, you're, you're rolling around in a heat box. I mean, yeah. So anyway, uh, he's passed away since then.

So I'm not going to mention his name, Clifford Smith, but he passed away and, um, did the guy with no name, Clifford Smith die in the car? No, no. And, uh, I didn't mention his name. How did you know his name? I, I, I, so really the perks, I said, so, you know, you get everything paid for by them.

Yeah. So roughly how much, you know, is your total is about two and a half million cause he, anything he wanted to buy, they bought, right. And it was, it was for experimenting and stuff.

So he invited me to a group, a party kind of thing. All these are like the kind of to a party full of people that you would not invite to a party. Just think about that for a minute.

And um, I've seen parties, people who are no fun, don't really talk, just stand around staring at each other. Yeah. And if you meet anyone that says they work for Raytheon, you know, the missile company and this aerospace Hughes and all that, and they tell you they're an engineer, don't be impressed because they have the dog is an engineer.

The person working in the gift shop is an engineer. So anyway, um, let me, let me just shorten this up without getting into too many experiences. So I saw him, I was building these weather devices based on William, Mike, and half of them looked at me and gave me a bad stare and I said, what's up, why, what is this? Because I'll tell you, I'll tell you in a minute.

So he takes me outside. He says, you know, cause if a city that had these devices would be impervious to missile attack. And I was like, what? How can a hollow tube with, um, just a spray water on one end or, you know, foil and silk rotating.

And I didn't know about that at that time, but a hollow tube with a, right, basically a hollow to make a city impervious to missile. And then recently it hit me and they would never tell me why, because the guidance systems won't work. Well, it relies on the ether, the guidance, the radio, the radio guidance and all that stuff.

So anyway, that's, what's always amazed me about those things is like when people talk about all of them, they got to shoot them out of the sky, but, and they're talking about it like, you know, you literally got to like make contact and hit it with a Patriot missile. And I'm saying to myself, why not just create a disruptive field that they can't navigate through? Well, it's, it's the military or is there, okay, humans are morons and military is weaponized moron, right? Right. So it's still more on the morons.

Um, like, you know, with McNamara, he was, I think defense back in the day. And later on, he gave, got a little seat and I'll make it out to be a McNamara. I think it was McNamara.

He came out and said, uh, McNamara, I sold, I actually saw him speak in, uh, like 2001 at NYU. Right. And the thing is, he was actually pretty well together still in 2001, but he was a guy who ran Ford motor company.

Then he came and he ran, you know, the Pentagon for Kennedy. Yeah. Yeah.

Right. Right. Yeah.

But he released this info on 2015. So he might've gone see now by then, but, but he said that basically the nuclear launch codes for the U S the entire arsenal back then during the cold war was 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0. And the reason why they did that, they were supposed to change them every day and scramble them and make them random numbers. But they said the guys were so young and dumb at the silos that it would just confuse them.

And it would make the system ineffective if they couldn't get the codes, right? So they just kept them all at 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 8 zeros, right? This is the U S military. And, um, but it's, it fits the population by the way. I heard the same story.

I heard the same story once, except it was, they, you know, they have like a telephone phone, you know, like numbers. And what you had to do is hit 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, all the way to, and then hit zero is the last one. And then boom, that's the code.

And I said, you gotta be kidding me. That's insane. They're like, no, they taught him.

That's all you got to do. You know how to count. I didn't care years ago when someone just gave him a bank card, right.

And my debit card. So you need to say, just take my debit card, go buy what you got to go. It's like, I knew someone just was having a hard time, said, take this debit card, just go get what you're going to get.

And I'm going to get a bank statement. I know what you're going to buy, right? So if you buy whatever, I know where you want. So I trust you.

And he says, well, give me the pin number. I said, just one, one, one, one, one. Well, what's your, what's your pin number for that one, one, one, one, one.

Everything was just pin number for me. It was one, one, one, one. You can't do that anymore.

I still try to do it. He says, no, you can't do it. They will not let you do a one, one, one, one, one.

They won't allow it. And you know what else they won't allow is if you get a new card, you can't give it the same pin number anymore. It's like all these weird rules now where even because they want to give them the idea that they're, they're on, you know, they're trying to look out for you, whether meanwhile, no, well, they're not really screwing you over.

I want to get into a little bit of that, but actually I brought up the zero, zero, zero. What did I mention before the nuclear McNamara, right? And the military and all this other stuff. There was another place I wanted to go, but let's not because it's really easy to it's a, yeah, a chicken, Ella King, you know, that's all I, that's all I got to say.

And hot sauce. So by the way, out in the field with the people out in the field, in the army, hot sauce is money. Oh yeah.

It's my, these little Tabasco. I don't know if they give them anymore because the food is so bad or the MREs that, you know, chicken, Ella King and this and that up until the early two thousands, they still had the little mini bottle of, yes, hot sauce. And you know, they even still had the cigarettes in there up to like 2001, I think.

Really? Yeah. I'm surprised. Two cigarettes.

Was it three cigarettes at least? No, it was two cigarettes and a book of matches, two cigarettes and a book of matches. Every time. World War II, they had three cigarettes because that's what I need to wake up by the way.

Well, you know what it is with these people, you know, they always got to cut it. Yeah. I need two cups of coffee and three cigarettes and a couple of shots of kratom powder and about a half hour and I'm good to go.

It's just when I'm good to go, he'd give a discussion I had with someone recently, you know, about the state of the world and all that. I said, look, all I could tell you is what I'm experiencing. I'm in my 60th year and let's say three quarters of my life.

If you judge that, you're going to go with the longevity statistics, right? So I'm past the three quarter mark or well into the three quarter mark. You could die tomorrow. But let's just say and I'm three quarters into this movie and this movie sucks to think that it's going to get better in the end.

You got to be an idiot, right? It's a rare movie that really just all of a sudden improves at the very end. It doesn't do it. So.

So what you do is like I told someone, you know, you've been on this planet. My latest thing is when I talk to people and they give you that fluoride stare, you know, and I like that. I might steal that from you.

Yeah. So I've seen it around for a while. Yeah.

But yeah. Give me this fluoride stare. And I'm like, have you been on this planet for more than a month? Yeah, I've heard of the window licking gaze, but not the fluorides there.

But go ahead, please. Yeah. And I get into it.

Have you been on this planet for more than a month? You know what's going on here, right? And anyway, just I'm going to just bounce around a lot of economic stuff. Some people's minds because you're not going to the last thing that government media church radio is where they want to dumb you down as much as possible because they've been getting away with things for so long without, but they're not getting away with it without you being ignorant. Like I said, it's, they're relying on the people's ignorance and the people are very reliable, right? And it's a very weird situation right now because I'm going to tell you something strange and I don't want to just go to finish this one point.

So we're talking about new cars. I said, new car, don't buy a new car. You shouldn't buy anything that has a touch screen in it.

So that would be like 2005 and before is what you want. Yeah. 2000 cause I know like 2005, six, seven, all everything started getting a touch screen if it was considered, you know, not the base base model, but cameras, big visuals on the GPS talking about how the car companies are losing money.

I said, no, no, no, no. Since 1933 if all the cars were given away, the car companies would, would make more money or just as much money as they're making now. But when you came to pick up your free car, you signed your name on a document and you took your car and you left that.

They could take that document and go to the federal reserve and pull whatever number they put on. They can get a million dollars a car per person. So the whole thing about the car company is not making, cause they're connected with the government, right? Even when here's the other thing that it's hard for people to understand negotiable, negotiable insurance.

If all the car companies in the world gave away all their new cars, you know, and the conditions were that when you go to pick up your car, you sign a document, just a little couple of paragraphs, they can make tons of credit off of you. Now you think that that will pay for the car as if you were paying cash because that's a cash value, but believe it or not, when the, before the cars are built, I mean, you know, the fax machines, you know, are they, they roll so much paper you get as it's printing and drops on the floor into a box, you know, you've seen that, right? The printers, the old printers, right? Yeah. You used to have to put a box under mine when I ran a different corporate stores, when we communicated with them.

They had that thing. You had to tear off the side. Cause that's what the roller that held it in there, you know? Yep.

Okay. So there's this thing called the manufacturer's certificate of origin or manufacturer's statement of origin. It looks like a birth certificate when that is printed.

That is a banking instrument. So all the VIN numbers for the cars are printed before the cars are made. And that is already payment that is cash.

So the car was paid for before it was built and then you go to pick it up and you sign for it free and it's paid for again. But here's the other kicker. How did the cars get from the factory or wherever they were to your neighborhood through transport? Yeah.

Okay. Now, hold on. They have something, the transport, they have a manifest sheet, a bill of laden, right? It's on the truck and the trucker signs it and the receiver signs it.

That is a cash instrument. So it's been paid for again. Right.

So those cars... So all the cars, even if you walked in, in other words, in common idiocy, the morons on this planet, if you told them, go get a new car, all you got to do is sign your name and you get a new car. They think it's a free car. They don't know that it was paid for before when, in other words, before it was manufactured or during manufacturing that day with the, with the document from the factory called an MSO or MCO, it was paid for again.

In other words, cash was created to cover its value when it was transported through the bill of laden or manifest, and it was paid for again when they gave it to you thinking you got it for free. So the car's been paid for three times. So they can literally give, I can prove this, everything, anyone who's done the financials, a little bit of study or listen to some of the people and check up on what they're saying knows what I'm saying is 100% correct.

So even if all the brand new cars were given away for free, they've already been paid for three times over. Now this concept, this scenario is provable. Any, anyone, any senior banker will tell you, yeah, that's right.

That's right. That's right. They won't give you details, but they won't say you're full of shit.

Now below the senior debt banker, they'll tell you you're full of shit, but everybody else would tell you you're full of shit. So how are you going to change anything? I'm giving this as an example, right? I'm giving this as an example. I mean, I hope bread goes up to a thousand dollars a loaf and I hope your rent is 15,000 a month and your gas bill is 30,000 a month, right? And I hope gasoline goes up to $300 a gallon, right? Why? Why? Because it doesn't matter what number they attach to it.

They've got everyone locked in, right? Okay. Here's another example. The reason, okay, you pay, I'm just going to give an example.

These things, everything I'm saying is not 100% true. It's a thousand percent true. Okay.

Lock a rock solid. But I'm giving this as an example of what I'm saying, I'm going to stay in the economic for a little while. It has nothing to do with economics because we could switch to any category and show you how this information compared to what people are talking about on all of the media, all the universities and 99.99% of the internet is a hundred percent relative bullshit.

And they're so deep into it. They will never understand this. I assure you never, never, ever, ever within the ever they have left.

It's like I used to, uh, people close to me or not when they don't get something and then they get it like later, like a month, a week, a year later, I'm like, okay, do you think you're going to live like 150 years to learn this stuff? You need to learn right away. If you don't get it right away, drop it. You're wasting your time and go to something that you can take right away cause you don't have that much time, right? I'll learn it eventually.

No, you won't. What do you think? First of all, let me sit you down. Do you think you're going to learn this eventually? Uh, yeah.

You're going to live four or 500 years. How long are you going to live? Huh? 80, 70, whatever. There's not enough time.

So that's, so here's the thing. When I say never, these people are never going to learn this or find out, even find out about it within the ever they have, if they lived a few up to a thousand, there's a chance there might be some instigation, but, and they would get it. But here, now here's the thing.

So people have this thing called income tax. You pay tax on the money you earn and make, and then you go buy stuff with the money that that you just pay tax on, that you earn and make, and you pay sales tax, you pay tax again, right? And then, wherever you live, even if you have rent that's factored in, the money that you- Property tax. Worked, yeah, the money that you worked that was taxed, is it taxed again when you buy stuff, and taxed again where you live, why? And in the land you're going to collect it.

And I'll tell you what the bullshit story they're going to give you. They're going to say, oh, because it's different jurisdictions. Bullshit, you know why it's the same entity that's taxing you over and over with different names, but it's the same entity.

Just like, for example, if you say, I went to Kentucky Fried Chicken and ate today, and I said, I went to Taco Bell and ate today, and somebody else said, I went to whatever. You know, all of you, no matter where you eat at these restaurants, all that money centrally goes to PepsiCo. Whether you hate Kentucky Fried Chicken and want to only eat at Taco Bell, you're supporting PepsiCo.

Whether you hate Taco Bell and just want to eat Kentucky Fried Chicken, you support. Okay, so it all goes to the same place. And you talk to any of these legal morons about this, and they're going to say, well, it's different jurisdictions.

Uh-uh. Why is it not different jurisdictions? It's all the same jurisdiction. Why? Because if it was a different jurisdiction, you would be using a different currency every time.

Right. It's the same jurisdiction because you're using U.S. dollars. It's bullshit.

And no one is... By the way, anything that's in the Constitution, the original Constitution, anything that comes after it that's against what's in the Constitution is void. That's where the injunctions. You can do an injunction for taxes.

They will notice it. Sometimes they send it back, you send it again. Right, they will acknowledge it.

And you will not do the tax thing. And by the way, there's a... If you get a passport, I haven't tried this. There's two ways to do it through the State Department.

One is a passport card, and the other one is a sales tax exemption. I've sent the form to some people. So you go to Walmart and they ring up $100 and $131.

You give the passport card or the tax exemption card, and they say the name of the organization. You give whatever name is on the card. And they scan it, and then suddenly it goes from $131, it goes down to 112.

They take the tax off. It's good if you're buying cars. It's good, well, whatever.

If it's close to 10%, you spend $10,000 a year, you just saved $1,000. You spent less. You know, I hate it when they say you saved the dollar.

Where did I save it? Where is it? No, you mean I spent less than less. Okay, so the idiots here are never gonna understand this, any, any, any of this. Now, on both ends of what's going on.

Now, let's go into the medical, every aspect of the medical. You know why? Let's not, because it's exactly the same. If I tell you how the human... Yes, I do know how the human body works, and none of these doctors do.

Let me say that again, in case you misheard me. I know how the human body works, and none of these doctors do, none. You know why I say none? Because once they find out how it works, and they try to apply it, you know what's gonna happen to them? They're gonna get, first of all, from the upper superiors, they're gonna say, you can't do that, but we just want you to do standard practice.

And this is our warning to you. So that's why none of these doctors, and I know it. Yeah, you wanna take that however you wanna take it.

Everything I said about the financial stuff, no college professors know this. You know why? I know this for sure. Because the moment they teach this, you know what's gonna happen? Mm-hmm, yeah.

Yeah, they're gonna come in the office, and they're a little cubicle. That's where they put people in cubicles, and say, do you like your job here? That's all they're gonna say. Similar speech.

We have a practice here, you do that, or you don't. And you go, yeah. Yeah, so you wanna talk about this, you wanna talk about that.

It's all the same. So let me just paraphrase and underscore. I gave a more in-depth on what's going on if the cars were given away, brand new cars were given away free to everyone, it's still paid for three times over.

As long as you sign in a pickup, that's the third time it's fully paid for, okay? Do you think that anyone's gonna understand that? I can prove this. And actually, you can prove it so many ways. You could prove it with the acts and the federal laws and the policies of the banks.

You can prove it by subpoenaing and getting what's called a GAAP. Oh, a GAAP, G-A-A-P, which any company that's public, these are public motor companies, they, you could do a FOIA, you could do FOIA with corporations that are public, and you ask for the GAAP, which stands for the General Accepted Accounting Principles. They have to show you whatever books you ask for.

Now, usually when you ask for it, they just send you a bullshit thing. But if you ask for this ledger and that ledger, you gotta know what it is. Do you wanna get into that? No, we don't need to get into it now.

But what I'm saying, this can be proven so many different ways. As a matter of fact, the bill of laden when the cars are transported is insured, not the cars. The bill of laden is.

Okay, so anyway, anything we get into, we can get into super detail. I'm telling you, you are screwed. If you were to play what I just said on a megaphone to the public, I wouldn't say this to the public.

All I would say to them is you're all screwed, you morons. I wouldn't give them any of this information because they're gonna laugh at you. And you don't throw pearls to swine.

And because if you throw pearls to swine, you have to finish up, they will trample you and tear you to pieces. No one says that part, do they? So good riddance to the general public in this society. Like I said, it's a big porcelain bowl.

And I don't know why anyone hasn't pulled the chrome handle and flushed the whole thing away because that's the status that it's in. Does anyone ever walk into a bathroom when someone forgot to flush a big honky number two and say, how do we fix what's in the bowl? No, you don't wanna look at it and you pull that goddamn handle and flush it away, reset. So that's where you are.

So the reason I'm saying this, it sounds like a rant, I'm not ranting. It's because you are in a place like a bad movie wherever you are in your life. I adhere to this archaic stuff that we got 15 years left for the infrastructure.

Doesn't mean 15 years left for everything, everything, everything, earth will go on. But the infrastructure, the grid, all that stuff, government is infrastructure, none of that, right? So I'm into that. So wherever you are in your life, whether you're 10% into that or 15, 20, it's a shitty movie, a bad movie.

Don't lie, don't lie to yourself. Now, here's the thing, it's not gonna get better. That's why I tell people, like I go back earlier when I said, listen, have you been on this planet for more than a month? And they're like, what? So I'm like, yeah, of course.

I'm like, okay, do you know what's supposed to do? This is all full of deceit, corruption, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. This is a place where you come to party, to have sex, to get high, to get drunk, but you do it within a moral, you have to pick a morality. If you don't have a morality, that's fine too.

It's gotta be fine, right? Because you can't make anyone do that, right? The consequences are there. So I realized this recently, past few years, is that this is a place to get high, have sex, get drunk, party, have a good time. You don't believe it? You don't believe it? When you ask people, what do they remember from going to college? Beer and having party, blah, blah, blah.

That's what I remember from college, right? Mostly, not everyone, but mostly. And if you do remember anything they taught you, dump it. Dump it, it's bullshit.

So yeah, so you could say, I know a guy that knows more about the human body than any doctor or all the doctors put together, right? True. So yeah, how many times can you say that about anyone? And you know what? And I'm glad I could say that about y'all if you heard me speak on it. So it's, yeah.

No, guaranteed by extension, we are all more aware than what that doctor is right away. Just, you know, it's under a vacuum. I'm not harping on the doctors any more than all the brand new cars should be given away for free.

Okay, the reason why they have you pay taxes is because when you work and put equity and send it somewhere and you are told what you need to send that in order to support that, now you're invested in it and you care about it. So the more corrupt they are, the more they tax you. So you care more about it.

Where am I? They say, I'm not paying tax, I don't want to support the government. If no one paid a tax ever, ever again, the government would be just fine. Not one penny of taxes ever gone to any government for anything.

Not building bridges, not roads, not anything. I just explained, the same way you buy a car, the same way a construction company builds a $10 billion road. When they apply with a bid, the construction company executive signature, they pay for the road three times over.

Yeah, you don't have a government. How many times did I say, there is no government. My gosh.

If you think there's a government, what do you think's gonna happen when Halloween is over? In other words, you think this guy's Count Dracula because it's Halloween. What are you gonna do tomorrow when it's not Halloween? What are you gonna do? Today he's by Count Dracula. Okay, so for the last whatever 90 years or so, people think they have a government.

I'm telling you, you've been in Halloween for 90 years. It's a masquerade. No government at all.