Hey, Sonic Event 192 rated Y and man, fun, fun and more fun sometimes. Greg, how are you? You didn't get the tornadoes or anything. I saw tornadoes.

No, but I know someone is doing some amateur weather work out west. I was watching it and they didn't follow through. No, this is not like this is a presumption.

And I'm like, oh, they're going to get hit. I voiced it to some people that the Midwest is going to get probably a day notice on the forecast one or two days before they get hit with some bad weather. That's the thing about weather work.

You got to see it through. So it dissipates when you know, you have to know what you're doing. Does that make sense? Yeah.

Well, it does. It does. You know, and one guy very cryptically approached me on social media, believe it or not.

And I told me, you know, just like the Greek knows how to do weather work. Some of us understand how to move other things around. And they mentioned that recent quake in where was it, Myanmar? I think it was.

Well, that wasn't that was a go ahead, you know, put my I'll give you my three cents on that. Yeah. No, I wanted to get it from because this person told me that this was definitely not something that was just going to happen anyway.

This was done by somebody. Yeah. Yeah.

Well, it's done by somebody times two. And I'll get into it if you want. Yeah.

Go ahead if you want. Good. Well, first of all, regardless of the earthquake or asteroid or tornado or hurricane, there's only one thing that we know that can do the following, which is justify concrete and steel.

Now, a two billion gigawatt ultrasonic transducer or underground nuke, that tower that came down is classic one to one nuclear demolition. So I was thinking by the earthquakes, they blew one of those. You're ready, James Bond stuff.

Those P 700 granites that are still there's 20 of them, maybe 18 of them at large that were absconded from the Kursk submarine. And you could look up everything I just said. You'll find it.

And those P 700s have a dial a new yield up to 500 kilotons, which is 50 times actually Hiroshima to say was 11 was really more like five. But those are very tiny. 500 kilotons is pretty big.

It's half a megaton. So they're dialed, they're dialable. So you could dial it.

It's not crazy. It's like the Wile E. Coyote. Remember, he had the dials on the devices.

Oh, yeah. Decide. Decide.

You want the big bang. Yeah. You want the big bang.

You want the huge bang. You want the no. Yeah.

Yeah. And these guys had the codes. OK.

When they flew it into the Pentagon, they didn't have the codes, fortunately, or they elected not to use it. And that's why they they threw Victor Booth in jail, because the Department of Justice has a secret. Well, they're all secrets public.

You know, they have the the the the trial against Victor Booth was for arms dealing and stuff. But the one that they didn't show the public was for the missile that hit the Pentagon. That's what they arrested him for.

And Dmitry Kolozov was involved in defense of that also because Putin kept saying Putin also said, well, you know, the missile came from Ukraine, but Ukraine never had an arsenal of peace. Seven hundred. Good.

I need it's granite without the good. I need G.R.A.N.I.T. I'm just saying those are at large and there's many, many, many others at large. And Israel's been putting out the biggest black mark.

The most dangerous stuff in the world comes from that very dangerous country to the north of us, by the way. What would that be? Well, Canada, as I look, that would be Canada. They broker some.

That's all I'm going to say. I don't want to visit. But yeah, yeah.

Years ago, I spoke to people that were in certain groups that knew this kind of stuff and they were pretty calm about it because they were talking about it like it's daily, like just the hot sheets that they get every day. And I was like, you got to be kidding me. This is freaking amazing stuff.

And of course, it's not for the public. That's why this is a subscription thing. Well, it goes out there, you know, in the public in a way, but never, you know, just like they showed on Men in Black.

Right. It goes out on the Weekly World News and people laugh at it. But the truth is, I did a whole study on my show, even about the all the nukes that they can't account for.

Remember all those ones that are missing and that's public information. Yeah. That's talking about non-public information.

Well, right. If they're telling you they're missing in public, that means it's really bad. Well, that's what I'm saying.

You see, they show you Bat Boy and then they put that in the Weekly World News, too. Right. So they show you Bat Boy and this and that.

And the third thing, and it's all like, oh, so you're supposed to laugh at it because it's crap. Yeah. Now, what people don't understand, this sounds crazy if you're not informed in this.

Yeah. When they were doing all the above ground nuke testing in Nevada, it caused a lot of health problems, fitness problems, actually health problems downwind, meaning east of Nevada, people were getting what's called lung cancer and they had to blame it on something. And if the army sends the media and the AMA, American Murders, I mean, American Medical Association, a memo that they're going to say it's cigarettes causing lung cancer because we might someday presumably approach and do a study.

And then like a week later, we did the study, right? You got to think because they have to follow through with paperwork, tell everyone that cigarette smoking, they believe it because no one was getting lung cancer west of Nevada between the late 50s, 60s and 70s, unless they were black or Jewish women. Hmm. All right.

OK. What does that mean? Should I get into what that means? OK, because actually lung cancer mostly is caused by let me just say this. Most people that get lung cancer, I've never smoked a cigarette like 80 percent, 80 percent of those people never even smoked a cigarette, should I say it again? And 80 percent of those women, people are black and Jewish women.

And one of the very well understood for many, many years, lung cancer was caused by grief, emotional grief. Now, do you think black women in America and Jewish women in America have any reason to have grief? Well, those are like most oppressed groups. And, you know, during that time period, especially.

Oh, right. Because even if you get empowered, what's the first thing that happens? The men get empowered. If any, even on the surface, it's just grief in general.

It could be personal family, you know, and all that. And even the movies portrays it. Right.

Of course. So anyway, that's that's not the absolute, but I'm just saying now that's a real study, by the way, what I just gave you a real one over time. But most people don't understand that they decided to do most of the nuclear device testing underground because there's no merit in atmospheric detonations, meaning I think we went over a few sonics ago or a couple of sonics ago.

There was a hot war with tactical nukes between the Soviets and the Chinese in 69, 70, 71, something like that. Yeah. Somewhere within the last ten.

And it's classified still. And what I'm telling you on the on the tactical is the tactical linebreaker. So here come right now, thousand troops, you throw a howitzer, you know, a small one and nuke them and they get it's like hitting a wasp's nest with a baseball bat.

Right. Yeah. No, I went over it and I and I decided to go do a search on it.

What I came up with is they said there was the potential for nuclear exchange. No, no exchange. But they thought it might.

Oh, yeah. Yeah. And we went through that and that whole exercise to show you.

They talk about that conflict in the State Department. It listed it. Then it said it's classified.

That's all. And it was just a blank page. Yes.

The rest below it. So the interesting thing there is there is more merit. By the way, there's no merit in using it in military.

It's just a tactical linebreaker, which can actually be done more effectively by screwing up comms and people, civilians communications is more effective. But anyway, they decided to use it for civilian purposes, mostly, which was like if you want to clear, you know, you ever see like driving cross-country, they cut a hole, they cut a mountain or cut a hill to put a road, keep it flat. Right.

That takes a lot of work and a lot of dynamite where, you know, the cost of using an underground nuke and justifying everything is a thousandth the price of dynamite. These things look like fire extinguishers. They're small and it's a lot cheaper logistically because, you know, with dynamite and everything, you've got to drill holes, you've got to place it, you've got to do all this.

But if you're. Yeah. Yeah.

You just drill one hole. And there's a video where the Russian countryside, which is Siberia, they had a gas leak, a natural gas leak. They couldn't stop.

So they just counters slant drilled and put one of these nukes. You see the nuke. It actually looks more like that more like fire extinguisher.

It looks like the size of those A or B tanks, the large ones that are welding supply, you know, or in a hospital. You know, they got the big oxygen tanks like that. Oh, yeah.

It's not very big. Yeah, it's like a little shorter, you know, about five foot tall, 10 inches, eight inches in diameter. That's all it is.

And they slipped it down. You see the nuke go off and everything vibrates, you'll dust on the surface and the gas leak stop. If you remember the BP oil spill, they were suggesting on using nukes to stop it.

You just slant drill and you slide one of these nukes in there and they go, boop, and it justifies everything within the range, depending on the yield of the device, vaporizes instantly regardless of material and forms a glass ball, glass lined ball plasma that takes about three months to cool down to the ambient again. And it causes a crashing wave around it, like an ultrasonic wave. Look up what you know, there's ultrasonic jewelry cleaning.

There's ultrasonic cleaning for teeth. It just completely pulverizes anything it touches based on the frequency and based on the yield, you know, the energy. So what people don't know is when you do this underground, there's plenty of videos.

It's called Project Plowshare and they have been using them. And they're actually, if you know anyone in the military, if you'd share, they're called atomic gates, atomic gate, just like a fence gate, you know, a gate and a fence atomic. What they're set at very large skyscrapers and public works like the, I'm not going to mention bridges like the Golden Gate or the Verrazano or anything like that.

But the possibility strategically, every, every power, every government has a plan, a strategic plan and technical plan that the government integrates with the military. And one of the plans always is what if we get and take over by an invading force? What do we do? Well, do we leave the Golden Gate Bridge and the Verrazano Bridge? I didn't mention those, did I? Anyway, or do we set off these atomic gates? And right, right. You know, yeah.

So they can't use the infrastructure, highways, tunnels. So these things are set up and maintained always around there. Those those you could put if you were to make a postcard of America with its most significant, what would you call it? Public works.

OK, all of those have it. Right. So, well, you know what? They don't all necessarily have to have it at the target sites either, because all you got to do is disrupt certain networks at particular choke points.

And, you know, by destroying one thing, you can knock off access to locations. You just you just need to put enough of a gap in it that it's not crossable. Right. 

That's all you know. But you got to realize they like to go big as if everyone that did this design is from Texas. But if you know what I mean.

It's also sort of the World Trade Center. So Scorched Earth sometimes is the order of the day. That's right. 

If it's not catastrophic, it's easy to repair. But this is the state when you say nuclear there. Imagine when you said cell phone.

By the way, you could look this up. There were cell phones around in the 1940s and 50s. They were for truck drivers.

The cell phone lines or literal lines and receivers ran parallel to the highways. And you could see there's YouTube videos. I haven't looked at in a long time, but hopefully they're still up.

You see a guy in a truck and he has like a regular phone that you'd have on the in your landline with a cable and a box. Yes. He makes calls through to adjust his route or where he's going to pick up.

His cell phones were funny because they used to have a base and a wire like a house phone did. And they used to see him in cars and like the late 70s. Yeah, I remember a chauffeured a lot of stuff.

Mr. Verderame for one week in 1985 in his new Rolls Royce, he had a cell phone. It was in the center council. You pull it open and it has a regular phone with a cable.

And he apologized. He says, I'm I was supposed to get the one that was a wireless phone because we already had wireless phones in the mid 80s. Right. 

And everybody's like, where's the phone? Right. So you have to go to the base and push a button. So the alarm. 

Oh, it's under the couch pillow. Right. Remember those days.

But anyway. Yeah, I do remember that. It's just like that. 

Can't find the phone. You go to the base and you push a button and you hear a buzz. As soon as people got rid of it, as soon as they went to the, you know, the wireless phone. 

Right. Before that, everybody knew where it was, but it was a pain in the neck because you couldn't walk more than five feet away from the wall. Let's go back to the cell phone.

So you tell people cell phone and they think of like an old Motorola brick that you had a suitcase for. And that's what a cell phone is. Well, the nuclear technology is the same way.

What they show you is only atmospheric. They usually show you postcards of some big tests or the ones on Japan. And that's it. 

And that's all the public thinks. They don't know that there there's an unwritten agreement to not use them atmospherically. That's why when they're talking about Putin's talking about using nukes and wow, this is becoming a sonic about nukes.

Was it? I didn't expect any of this at all. But it's not going to happen. No, it's not going to happen.

It's the same thing like saying there's going to be a financial crash. It's not going to happen because it already crashed in the 1930s, dude, or up to the 1950s, the whole world's financial systems crash and you're running under credit. So what happens when you know we can't? Well, what they're doing is restricting credit.

There's no way you can have a financial crash. Don't ever take anything like that to heart because it's impossible. What they're going to do is mess with your credit.

And you know how they do that? By sending you checks, stimulus, the more checks they send you. Hey, imagine anybody you might know that suddenly goes to their mailbox and there's a check for fifteen hundred dollars. Wow. 

This is what were they going to say? All this sucks. Are they going to say what? No, this is great. Great.

Great. Right. Yeah. 

Then another, let's say two weeks goes by to get another one. Fifteen hundred dollars. Right.

Is that suck? Oh, this is terrible. Hey, sign me up. Or is it great? Sign me up.

Exactly. So I start saying that I'm like, oh, the economy, not the financials, is going to shit because right. The more checks they send people, the more money is created.

Yeah, of course. Yeah. So, by the way, I had someone that I've known for a while.

He's put in. I haven't looked at the replies. He's I think he documented he's trading the higher AI and he's putting in Sonics that I've done from a long time ago.

And he says, oh, yeah, it checks out. It's the AI completely check. Everything you got is checked out.

So, well, whatever that means, let's get off the new thing. But I have this thing now. You know how we come up with phrases here.

I mean, the Greeks said, you know, like dummy load and all this other stuff. Right. Well, I aftertaste is my latest one.

Aftertaste. Yeah. You ever see an AI image and you could tell it's AI or something written by AI and it leaves an aftertaste.

Yep. Yeah, I call it because we're working on the water helix dot com website and brilliant person I'm working with, but he likes a little bit too much. And I said, you know, the people that I'm talking to are wealthy clients because I want to sell. 

I want to release them to the luxury. I think I went over that. If you sell something to commoners, then you want to go to luxury market.

The luxury shake their finger left and right. That means, no, I want something better. So if you sell to the luxury first, then you can trickle down.

Right. And those people are very realistic. They don't make decisions the way the average people get impressed.

But I think there was stuff about aftertaste with sodas back in the day. Wasn't there something? No, it was it was the alcohol free beer. What was it? No aftertaste.

Right. What was it? You remember something about aftertaste? Oh my God. The less filling tastes great.

No aftertaste. No aftertaste. Right. 

Yeah. Well, that was the O'Doul's, right? O'Doul's. Yeah, I yeah.

But I remember hearing no aftertaste somewhere in the media before. But what I'm saying is you notice that when you look at poorly done, AI leaves a really bad aftertaste, really good AI where you could say 50 50. It could be real or not. 

That's that's possible. It's got a mild flavor. Right.

But the the AI aftertaste is remember when you first had diet soda? I don't know. Some people don't mind that aftertaste. I do. 

No, I can't. Well, after I can't do it, I you know, because you've tasted it. Yeah.

Yeah. And after tasting it, it's like, whoa. This is not good at all.

You know, it's not good saying it's bad because it makes the people who like it feel bad to say this is really not good. And yeah, so there's this thing I get when I look at something done by AI. And sometimes people play a joke.

I mean, they'll send me an email and they'll have the AI write it. And I see who it is playing a joke as someone I know. And you spot it right away. 

Right. I think, well, you know, I'm being presumptuous here that just because I could spot AI right away, everyone else does. Right.

Some people don't care. Right. You know what I mean? And like that dog in the background, I'll move out of the way here.

That's cracking me up because, you know, we talked just before we started to record here and sirens. And I'm worried about my dogs. And meanwhile, you got all kinds of dogs over by you.

Well, it's the desert. High desert is very quiet. And they're actually about 200 feet south of me.

And it carries. Remember, the high desert means we were underwater at one point and it got pushed up about a mile, half a mile. Now, there's no there's no old trees here.

Now, the trees we have are like 20 feet. The funniest thing to me is that people listening to us right now that might be filtered out or you might vaguely hear the dog in the background. It's not that it's not that, you know, it's not terrible.

No, I know. Yeah. But yeah.

But anyway, again, I just want to drive home the AI aftertaste, push it around and make it make a hat or a T-shirt. Look, this is good. I know after minimal aftertaste, but that's what it does for me.

But it's a mental aftertaste. And it's I find it very displeasing and in poor taste, very much how it's a sign of the times, like, you know, 70s fashion. You know, you're going to you're going to think for the 70s fashion is that Lipschitz guy, Ralph Lauren.

That's his real name, by the way. I had him as a client, by the way. Not me, the company I worked with.

We redid the Rhinelander on 72nd in Madison, which is still his main store, Lipschitz. Yeah, he came up with the wide collar and the wide ties, by the way. You could thank him for it.

But when you see that with those patterns, you say 70s. Right. And I'm glad we're not right doing that anymore, no matter how many comebacks they have.

And then you got the 80s hair. Remember the 80s, everything permed up? Oh, I'm glad we're not doing that. Look, a bird's nest, you know, like spiders can take.

All you got to do is if you like Star Trek, just watch what they called The Next Generation, because it was made toward the end of the 80s. Yeah, and it's like everything in the future. But they couldn't get away from the 80s hair.

That's right. You could always. That's why good films don't let themselves be dated. 

Right. And then you got all this other stuff. Also, 80s was the huge shoulder pads on everything.

Well, women. Wait a minute. Now, it wasn't men.

Men didn't always have the shoulder pads, shoulder pads and women. Well, they got beefy on the men's like like not on the members only. Coat jackets. 

But no, it was like regular jackets. They did. Yeah, women accentuated. 

Yes. Right. The Miami Vice look kind of went with a little bit with the shoulder pads.

But it was introduced into women's garments, mainly with the women and everything addresses shoulder pads, wedding dress, shoulder pads. I mean, yeah, it was like, yeah, I'm giving an example here about the A.I. And one of the retorts I got back was that they're they're doing much better now. No problems with the hands.

And I went back and I found what they're OK. The hands are looking better. You know, six fingers or distorted hands.

And but the feet are really jacked up. So, I mean, the feet look like, you know, you could peel a banana. It's a way to look like a human foot.

Let me tell you something. It's worse than that, because I went and I decided people were giving me this crap about, you know, the JFK document dump that came out. And, you know, why don't you use an A.I. to go through it? And I went, please don't don't don't waste my time.

But but I said, you know what? Let me go play with one of these A.I. and see what the general like an open one can do with the JFK assassination. Right. I didn't want it to give me a theory.

I didn't want it to solve it for me. I wanted to just give me basic information, OK? And you know what? The A.I. cannot organize the basic information properly. I turned around and I tried to get it to do it and it wouldn't do it.

It wouldn't even give me a good explanation of the of the standard explanation. Sorry. Are you using the which tier, the public tier or the private tier? That's got two tiers.

I tried. I tried both. OK. 

Oh, OK. OK. Yeah. 

Because they deliberately entice you with the crap and they try to write. It's a reverse psychology that the public or the free one isn't doing well. So you have to subscribe to deliberately make it not do well.

But yeah, I'm not paying for it. But I was able to access it anyway. Oh, good. 

OK. Point is, the point is this, I went and I did that and I tried to get text out of it. And then I said, you know what? Forget it.

I give up this thing, trying to write me like, you know, a short paper, like as if I was giving a kid a history assignment. Right. Write me a paper about the JFK assassination. 

No good. So I said, all right, give me some images, because everybody tells me the images are great. This and that. 

And they've done better. And they told me like they told you, the hands are better. So I said, OK, give me some images.

It is the most jokey, ridiculous thing you've ever seen in your life. I actually put these things out like, you know, in a couple of places and said, this is what I tells me when I ask it to describe the Kennedy assassination. I'm not asking to solve it for me.

So I know. But in short, it was it was it couldn't even handle the current established. It couldn't even handle the established lore.

It couldn't handle the conspiracy theory. It couldn't handle. Give me just a straight historical explanation, not in picture form, not written form.

It can't handle it because there's too much information. Now, think about this. If there's too much information on that one thing. 

Oh, my gosh. Then tell me how far we've gone so far. Now, the guys who got fired from Google, who engineered some of this stuff for them, you know, they tell me, listen, there's a couple of things that really are not available to anybody right now.

And this and that was OK. And of course, you know about that. But but that's the thing.

All this stuff that people are thinking is so great and is one. It's just another toy. It's just another. 

Yeah. And it's not really a because we we've got over this a long time. We are in an AI, because if this is a created reality, who wants to do the labor? The pinnacle of any being is to make machines and substitutes for.

So you can go and do other things. Right. So so, quote unquote, God could go fishing while the AI he made runs the reality.

You see. So it's been around forever. Well, anyone that hammers that to death, it's even in their name is archaics.

Right. There you go. I mean, why bother to sit there and build one car that'll take you a month to build from the, you know, the floor to the roof of the vehicle? Right.

Why bother to do that if you can build the machines over the course of a couple of months and then in this case would be like a 3D printer, which just spits out three dimensional. Yeah, right. Why not just do it that way? Hardens. 

Yeah, I mean, that's what it is. By the way, I've gotten a lot of engineer on the engineering side proposals to do 3D printing, and it doesn't take me more than 10 seconds to knock that whole idea down. No, it's not going to work ever.

So it would. Well, not ever. But in the ever we have left again, what's available.

But that's the point with what's available, because, look, we could speculate. We could dream. We could theorize.

But you still got to work with at the end of the day what we have. In the 1960s, the post office was able to read 13 pages of regular envelopes, 13 envelopes stacked up, it would read all. And I imagine, you know, it's folded in there, right? Right. 

So it's all gibberish. I was able to read through a stack of 13 envelopes at a time with extra whatever. This is in the 60s.

This is 60 years. You know, we say 60s now. That's 60 years ago. 

Yeah, of course. So, yeah, so they would do that. And if you go, can you go out and buy a machine that'll do that? Go to your office depot or where do they sell these high end devices? You say, I need something that could read 13 envelopes stacked up at once.

They still don't offer that. You see, right? No, but you know what? On your cell phone, you can basically click anything and it'll read it to you. Now, that's new.

That was an imagined technology in the 80s. I got to tell you, they've just released that. I had a client in the 90s who was working on that.

And he says they're having a problem with the various American accents more than any other country, because in other countries, when the accents change, it's a different language. If you go to Spain, like Catalans, Catalonia, it's not Spanish. Right. 

Right. Now, here, here, you know, you got the garage and you got the garage. Right. 

And Boston, you got New York. You got. Well, I just gave you a garage. 

Right. And then, yeah, all these different twangs and it's all the same language. Yes. 

But they work that out. Yeah. So whatever.

Yeah. Not impressed. No. 

And they model stuff like now one of the readers, one of those readers I was telling you about where you can point it at a book and it'll read it to you. You can get Snoop Dogg to do it for you. Snoop Dogg's voice does it.

Oh, I see. But again, like the reason I never liked these devices is because the programmers did it for a mindset that is of a nine year old girl with a credit card. Right. 

That makes any sense. And that I just can't jive with that mindset. But I don't think I ever will.

No, it makes perfect sense. Recently, I played a couple of clips from an A.I. version of George Carlin, believe it or not, where it was like, you know, as if he was alive today, as in jokes today. Yeah. 

And the first thing he does, he comes out and makes a joke about, sorry, I haven't put out any new material, but I've been dead, you know, which is a Carlin joke. I get it. Yeah. 

But a lot of. Yeah. But I'm just saying that's more like subject matter.

I'm just saying the overall quality just for me isn't there now. Without being hypocritical. Yeah. 

The the image that's on the top of the site that we put together is a and it looks banging. It's great. I read it through a bunch of people, several of the images, and that was at the top and I'm using it.

But I ended up redacting most of the stuff. We have one where there's a UFO in the background and someone's holding the scale orator and says, thanks. Right. 

OK. Like you could go to the water helix dot com. Yeah.

And also, yeah, a bunch of other stuff we have to do for publishing reasons. So, yeah. Right. 

Right. Hey, but the uncultivated graphic, you did that yourself. That's not a right.

No, I did that with using word. Yeah. Yeah. 

No, I'm just I'm just throwing it in there. Which which I think I would have done the graphic of graphics, meaning just letters better because of space. No, but I just did that with word.

OK, I have no time anymore in this life to sit in front of a computer or other. It would be like this is a bad, bad one. But I'll say it anyway.

To me, these devices and computers are just like sitting at the toilet. What do you go to the toilet for? Do your business and go. Right. 

I can't just sit there and do stuff. You know what I mean? Well, you do that to get rid of what you've already used up. Well, I'm just saying, yeah, it's just something you don't want to think about.

It's something you don't want to spend a lot of time with. Right. Fair enough.

So listen, we've gone through a lot of stuff here without even touching the questions. But I do want to do. Let's do the questions.

We've been on about half an hour, 40 minutes. Let's do it. Yeah, I just want to jump because that's that's always a good perk for whoever is asking them and another chance to squeeze something out.

Yeah, right. So I'll just give you a couple of them. OK, we don't have to do them all today, but by all means, guys, keep sending in what it is you want mentioned here, covered, gone back over, et cetera, especially if you want something gone back over, I think, because sometimes people miss things, you know, somehow, even though they're listening as intently as they can.

But see the Sonics about that to get a better grip on it. Anyway, OK, there's a weird one just out of left field. And I picked this at random.

Can you recommend a synthetic oil for high miles for a two thousand Camry? Yeah. With only one is your best bet. That's mostly available.

Walmart supposedly for half the money has something that's good for 20,000 miles or something that's supposed to be like mobile one. Check it out. There are really high end one and also Amsol, A-M-S-O-L.

And I think you could buy those at some stores. It's usually a mail order. I'm doing I'm testing that right now.

I'm really happy on how smooth it is. But for synthetic, OK, here's the recommendation with motors and our engines, their engines is in an optimum world. Let's just say you used a synthetic from day one, literally day one on that car.

You're OK. But if you haven't, you're there's a bunch of varnish and lack that's built up that you won't get the full benefits. So you're going to need to do a gentle flush.

And so maybe 100 miles before you do the oil change, pour in some Marvel mystery oil. Not when I say some, you know, all cars burn a little bit of oil. It's OK to go slightly above the dipstick slightly, but not much more depending on how fast you're driving.

And about a 50 or 100 miles before you put in five, six, seven, eight ounces, depending on how much oil is you could put in the in the sump. Marvel mystery oil. It has something called stoddard oil.

It's been used for 100 years and it takes moisture. It dissolves lack of lacquer and varnish slowly. So it won't release any big chunks that get stuck in any of the orifices.

I believe it also has lard in it. So, you know, you know how, you know, the best tacos supposedly are fried in lard. I don't eat that.

But, you know, I understand. I'm an Old Testament kind of person. But that's what I would do there.

But mobile one is is an all across the board recommendation because you can get it anywhere at discount store. Well, and just one, frankly, look, I worked in that business for a little while with, you know, I worked Rex on mobile, actually. And the thing is, the mobile stuff has been consistent with its manufacturing and it's very high grade.

Yeah. And, you know, for what's available to the public, right? Not the stuff that's, you know, formulated specifically for race cars and this and that for stuff that's available to the public. It's actually of a higher quality than. 

Yeah. Well, here's the other thing. Castro is overrated.

It's gotten it had a big campaign. Well, there is a better oil than Castro, by the way. The Pennsylvania Oil Company is, in other words, could take more carbon.

But a 2000 Camry. Yeah, that's if it has less than 400000 miles on it, you take care of it. It's broken in now. 

Congratulations. Right. Yeah. 

You could go a million miles with that, by the way. Those I've never known one of those to actually die. Those things usually go off road once they've been hit too bad in an accident.

That's usually someone who blew, I think, a rocker arm on a piston. It just really failed. It had a quarter of a million miles.

And but he immediately went and replaced the engine, which was a smart thing to do. A 96 and still driving it. Oh, yeah. 

Almost 30 years. That's yeah. Well, I'm I'm enjoying a 27 year old Dodge Caravan.

I love the hell out of it. Drives like a car could put a washer dryer in there and go down the road with a bunch of people. You know, it's great. 

Yeah. OK, so another one. Somebody addressed that.

Now, I don't know if you remember this, but you had this brief discussion about all the flora and the fauna and you have no need for it. And who cares about the rest of the animal life? If no, no, no. That's that's if you let humans if the humans were on a correct path and you weren't controlled. 

Right. And you weren't stalled out like, you know, the entire 20th century was stalled in this century is completely stalled. You don't mean by putting a stall and it can't take off. 

Right. Humans would eventually get rid of all animal life and insect life and all that and close the planet, make it just pure, pure habitation. I'm not saying that's the right thing to do, but that would be a very simple progression. 

That was my point is we do that anyway. Yeah. Anyway, where are all the whales? Where's the dodo bird? Where is the world? How many species of humans been directly responsible for eliminating? And it's got to be in the thousands.

Well, the whales are funny because, you know, they did that whole again. I know I'm Star Trek guy, but they did that Star Trek movie about the whales being extinct. But the thing is, those whales that they said would be extinct are actually growing in population now and et cetera.

Sure. Look, all I'm trying to say is conservation does. Yeah. 

All I'm trying to get at is that I wanted to clear up a misunderstanding because it seems like a couple of people thought that you were either a suggesting this or saying that this is the way things were going. I want to be taken that way. I'm just saying if you let humans progress technologically, when they get to the point where they don't need to farm or hunt or do anything like that, everything is synthesized.

Right. Like in like in Star Trek, we have that technology now. Right. 

I mean, if I had more years to live and just some more funding, I can develop it. You know, I'm not the smartest tool in the shed and I can develop it in my kitchen, in my backyard shed. I can make that stuff, you know, it's around.

So what I mean is make make the equipment to make synthesize anything. Once you understand the principle. Right.

So the evolution, meaning the progression unraveling of humankind is they will just get rid of everything that's not human and not necessary. That's what people do. Look at how they build a city.

We don't need this for the city. They they roll out a plan for the city. And you hold it. 

Look at the plan and you look at what's there. And you look at when the city is done. What was there is no longer there at all. 

It's all gone. OK. Right. 

Yeah. So look, I was just trying to make the point that you weren't suggesting it. It wasn't. 

No, I wasn't. But I said, I know what it takes to suggest that, because I did suggest what I wanted to piss off, like a high end bicycle distributor. He would come and give me all these saddles.

You know, there's a lot of bike seats and they're really high end, you know, Ferrari and all this other stuff. And I said, no, these are no good. I want ones that have animal skins from endangered species.

And he would just get totally inflamed because people have a very sensitive spot. Like you give me an example. You know, torching the rainforest was all a propaganda and they did torch a lot of it, but it was propaganda.

And what do you call it? Propaganda might what they wanted to do there was torch enough of it and put it in the in the media enough to get it public outrage, international public outrage. So then they could pass laws and all the countries to protect the environment. Right. 

But in a way that would suit them who are passing the laws, you get it. Yeah, it would be nothing to benefit the people, be draconian. So then they have actually open swaths where no one can step in so they could do their human hunting parties.

You know, they have human hunting, right? Well, there's there's that. And also, frankly, look, no, nobody gives you this information, the news or education or any of this. Nobody gives you any of that to inform you. 

What are you, stupid? The point is that they give it to you to react to it. Yes, they want a reaction. They don't want you to learn anything or to tell you the condition of things or to actually warn you.

It's about just getting you to react a certain way. And that's what it's about. It's about manipulation.

What they want to do is give you enough reasons that we can't do anything anymore and whatever. But, you know, you could fit the entire population of the earth in Texas comfortably in a suburban setting, by the way. Well, that was the point I want to make about this floral and quanta thing and removing everything.

Here's here's the reality, OK? And you tell me if you disagree. There is no reason for anybody on this planet to actually be without anything. If you mathematically distributed stuff all across because people always talk, oh, it's too much population, too much population.

Here's the fact. No, that's a that's a fallacy. No, you can have a you can have a trillion people on this planet.

You know, by the way, there's evidence. We know probably you've known me for a long time. You know, I've been saying there are there are no billion and a half people in China. 

It's coming out right now. There's people documenting, you know, putting up more official. There's no more than three or four hundred million.

And I reaffirmed this again during the covid thing. Twenty twenty. I started talking about it again.

There can't be more than two billion or three billion people max. Even that's a big number. I'd be surprised if it was more than a billion on the planet, because who who comes up with these population numbers? It's the bankers.

Oh, the bankers keep very straight books, don't they? Yeah. Right. Yeah. 

It's all false. Because the the reason why they had to. And I talked about this decades ago.

Also, the reason why they say there's billions of people in China is because their birth certificates are very, very low value. Right. So think of it this way.

You got a five dollar bill in your pocket to go buy an item that costs 450. Yep. Right now.

But this other guy, all he has is pennies. That's a lot of pennies. Comparatively, it's five hundred pennies. 

Right. So so in order for him to in order for the guy who just has pennies to sound like he can afford stuff, he has to have ten thousand pennies. Right.

OK. Right. To sound like he has something. 

Right. So they're undervaluing the Chinese birth certificate because that's the bond. But by the way, on the Treasury sites of many countries, they say, oh, that's a myth.

But if you go to the DTCC or the Trading Commission of each company, they have a category for trading birth certificates, which is a government agency. It's crazy. Yeah.

Well, isn't that the way things usually run? Hey, listen, one last thing before we kind of finish up this one for today. And it's oh, man, where did it go? I just had it. Let's see.

Oh, right. You talked about cannibalism in the past, OK? And somebody brought up this whole thing about I'm going to crush this down a little bit, but they were watching some commercials and they realized that it was kind of being normalized in a KFC commercial and all that. Anyway, and they were wondering if this is, you know, being done to sort of prep people for this idea that you talked about on a bunch of the old songs. 

Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Just to kind of get I talked about a long time ago.

They're going to prep you for there's no gender. Right. Because if there's no gender, you can't be considered a man or a woman.

Now you're it. So it's easier to facilitate the prison system or whatever else they want to do monetary system. And that's why they have you using terms like female and male, because that's what you do when that's property farm animals and property.

Exactly. You know what I mean? Right. And then the cannibalism aspect, because, you know, I would say pigs eat their own kind to have them eat their own kind. 

Right. Yeah, of course. And that's usually what causes the big problem.

Remember mad cow disease, right? That's what they said. That was a big problem, right? And it's by the way, the MRNA injection. No one that works in industry will tell you it's a vaccine.

It's an MRNA, which is a prion form, which is mad cow. So but thankfully, no humans took the vaccine. Yeah, that's what I've been saying.

Because what would mad human disease be like? Oh, you mean actually Tuesday? I question your humanity if you actually think a vaccine can do anything. No problem. Is that OK? That's again against our medical friends.

You don't want to embarrass these public people, but it's gotten to the point where it's just a joke all around. The premise of a vaccine is that you have an immune system, which you do not, because everything that explains the immune system is the elimination system. The premise, the overall diagnosis of whoever that the heart is a pump and it's not the premise that you absorb things and you don't, you're not a pressurized filter bag or go blood pressure.

So all of their premises are completely false. And also the mainstream medical is still attached to historically Victorian corpse medicine. Now, if you look up Victorian corpse medicine, they say, oh, they were experimenting on cadavers. 

No, no, no. Do some research on Victorian corpse corpse medicine as medicine. They were taking cadavers, dehydrating cadavers. 

Right. And giving it as prescription to people to improve their health. And they went so far that they wanted so many people.

It was such a mass thing, mass marketed thing that children found it to be bitter and unsavory. So they chocolate coated it for the children. You can look it up.

This is this a sick group of people. And now they went from being totally sick and perverse, which is cannibalism, by the way. Yeah. 

I mean, people eat dehydrated corpses, corpse meat as medicine. It's gotten to the point where now they must think that people are so dumb. They're telling them the heart is a pump and you absorb nutrition and you have blood pressure and diabetes and all these other things that in AIDS or whatever. 

Right. So, yeah. Uh huh. 

Sure. Yeah. OK, so look, I'm going to hang on to a couple of these other things for next time, but just one last thing here regarding culture, because somebody had a point of clarification they wanted, and I saw this repeated in a couple of places, but it was sort of a general question.

So I'm going to combine it. You think it is just worse in the West, worse in America? Or I mean, when you talk about this culture and the way it's going downhill and how it's going and everything else, you're talking about every part of the surface dwelling culture. So, yeah. 

Well, right. Yes and no. The best way to discern it for years I was using is they have Levi's jeans. 

Yeah. In other words, if you bring up a region or geographic area, country, nation. OK, did they get their hands on Levi's yet? If they did, yes, they're going down.

But now I would say past decade, maybe less. It's the smartphone, because I've seen videos where the people like in Rhodesia living in raffia huts, right, wearing traditional gowns, floor, you know, dirt floor. Right.

Sleep and eat on the floor, dirt floor. And they're running around with iPhones. Right. 

Right. So they're still getting the pictures of water that they're carrying on their heads back to the whatever. Yeah, they're now they got an iPhone. 

Yeah. Yeah. And it's not OK for going down for who going down for who? Well, the the earth is very carefully managed as a commercial thing.

Everything is commercial. Your religions are commercial. Your judicial system is commercial.

Your medical is commercial. So the masters of commerce, I'm not talking about wealthy people. The people that are directing this commercial whatever enterprise is or they're doing it for as themselves, as the benefit for their beneficiaries.

Right. Right. And against the grantors and the grantor and the settler, they're going to have an issue if, you know, if they're not in agreement with the grantor and settler of this trust.

And the trustees are playing to that tune, you know. So, yeah, it's all commercial. There's no medical. 

There's no judicial. There's no religious. It's all commercial.

All of it's commercial. This is a commercial thing. Well, and they point out a couple of people pointed out that, look, over time, any business that comes out, you know, they like to impress you at first and everything is good on the first day.

The deals are best. You know, the the counters are cleaner. The floors are cleaner.

The people are nicer on the first day. They open anything. But as time goes on, what happens? The quality declines.

Well, well, I'm saying the rules of this business have always been around. You can go back to post flood. Most likely we have more of a continuous history.

But it was applied as such. It was applied to business. Not everything was in business.

Now everything is in business. Like years ago, for example, even when I was growing up, I mentioned you had medical professionals, doctors, whatever. They worked out of their homes.

They came and they did house visits. Right. They offered whatever they could, including remedies, personal concoctions and things. 

Right. They made a they made a concerted effort. Right.

Where now it's not at all. Now it's to find a competent medical person or it's even worse in the legal system. You had people that were actually lawyers studying lawyers.

Now this is the proof of it. I'm a Craigslist junkie. I just love looking there for entertainment. 

Right. And every so often, typically around the holidays, that's when the the old people die. You'll see free bookcase of lawyers books.

And when you go over there, like, oh, yeah, my dad was 85 and he's been a lawyer for 60 years and whatever, whatever. I'm like, uh-huh. First thing I do is I pull the book out of the shelf.

And you know, when a book is like 60 years old and it's never been open, that feeling it's like everything not glued together. But there's like this vacuum that holds everything together. Oh, the pages feel like a solid, singular piece of something.

Yeah, until you open it and you get this wild suction sound. Right. And not one page of any of the I think maybe one or two of the books had some notes, but all the other law books and statute, none of them ever been opened ever, ever from the factory.

The binder was just and this is I've seen this once, twice, three, four, five, six, seven, eight times over and over because it's all a show. Like when they have someone on CNN or Fox or TV or whatever as a lawyer, what do they have in the background? Green screen, all these books, right? So it's part of the set. It's all fakery, man. 

Absolutely. And, you know, just for entertainment purposes, I might put one of the I decided to enter Ocelli in the Greek sonic event. And then a couple of phrases from a couple of the things that we did recently to see what would happen.

And you ought to see the ridiculous images that I decided to draw. Maybe I'll put one of those. Oh, no, it's fine.

It's got a strong aftertaste. Yeah, aftertaste. Absolutely.

Spare me that. Yeah, spare me that. Fair enough. 

Maybe. OK, that should be the title of this one. Spare me that. 

Spare me that. Spare me that. Aftertaste.

No, thanks. Aftertaste. Less filling. 

It doesn't taste great. How about that? Yeah, that's pretty. I'm surprised.

I should say the morons on this planet haven't figured out that it gives a bad actress or talk about it enough. Oh, my gosh. Rodney Dangerfield's dead, man.

Yeah.