The Sonic Event 2.2.2 Rated Y. Anyway, how are you doing today, Greek? Oh, I'm doing okay. I just want to let people know, if you're sending me messages and stuff and I haven't responded yet, I will get to it. I'm only one and a half people here. 

So I will catch up to your messages. I'm not one to get a lot, fortunately, but I'm not really in the public like other people are, you know, my subs or anything like that. But getting more emails than I usually do, usually. 

And most of them I've seen through the subject is I want to be down for the audio or sonic counter space webinar, which is going to be a shorty. But, you know, yeah, you'll get you'll if you found out about it from me speaking here, you'll find about when it is, maybe we'll do it in a couple of weeks. It's gonna be a real short one. 

And this is because it could be so short. I mean, it's really a false back inside of a container, or an enclosure, whether it's a room, or a speaker box, or an audio, you know, a dashboard or whatever. It's a very small, thin module, it's mimics the back of the wall or enclosure in a certain way, it's couldn't be any simpler. 

And don't try to wrap your mind around what how it works. But once until you build one and employ it, and then you're going to be Holy crap, I can't believe the sonic difference. This little thing does all that.

Wow, you know, we're really onto something now. Nice. Well, other thing I want to get into, which I've been holding back for a few years, I've been just to inject this out. 

And you don't have to give feedback. But in the future, if fine, if you're interested, I might be doing more of a webinar, I should have done the cooking, but I, I'm not going to do that. It's it's too involved. 

I don't want anyone to think that we can do three, three hour talks about how to become better cooking, and you will be so so kind of investing some time on my own. I said, that's maybe too big, but something like that. But the other thing is people have been talking about free energy, not so much as they did in the 1015 years ago. 

Remember? Right? Yeah. Well, for the past couple of years, I've been sitting on something that let's just say you put 40 watts in you get 800 watts out. It's very easy to build. 

It's mechanical. Well, easy, right? To who? And what I'll do is I'll explain the principle. And what it involves, basically, is you're going to be mimicking, do you remember those flashlights that you shake? It looks like, right, back and forth, and they charge? Yeah. 

Okay, it's just like that, except the device is motionless, you don't have to move anything. Except for perpendicular to it, you have a small rotor that rotates. In essence, the I'll give the beans out right here. 

You go to like an industrial catalog, and you find out, look up for your house, which 10 kW 10,000 watt generator usually can do your average house, your average house, you know, like the ticky tacky houses you see in the row. Right? Nothing too special means you could still use a clothes iron and whatever, you know, like a lot of people live off the grid, they can't use dishwashers and irons, it shuts down their whole system, right? Or blow dryers, you can still use a blow 10 kW. So you look up what a 10 kW generator requires, like the armature, the stator, the windings, how much material, how much does the thing weigh, right, you'll see 140 pounds, okay, you need 140 pounds worth of material.

Right? And it basically works on the principle of the scalarator. And when you see how it works, you're going to get pissed because you're gonna wish you figured it out yourself. And you realize this is a planet of idiots. 

And no other people haven't figured out how simple it is to take to increase your input. Because right now, the input is how efficient like, oh, this is really good. 80% efficient, that means you're only wasting 20%, right? So right, well, this thing is eight is over 800 900. 

Actually, I think it's 2400% efficient, something like that. Because you put in 40 watts and you get 800 out. So if you if it was 200% efficient, you put if it was 100% efficient, you put 40 watts and you get 40 watts out, right? 200% efficient, you put 40 watts in 80, you get 80, and so on. 

And so you do the math. So yeah, so it's 10 times 200. Right? 2000% efficient. 

And it's gonna, it's on the it's the principle of scalar, it looks nothing like the scalarator. It's the principle. And the thing that's winding, basically get the thing that gets the generator moving is a little light bulb battery, or one of those little cell phone, solar panels that is just designed to cell phone, you've seen those old portable solar panels. 

Yeah, you got some sort of interference happening, you're probably stepping near something. But I am I'm walking around. So anyway, that I wasn't gonna I've been holding on to this for quite a few years, like two years, it feels like I've been holding on to it for 10 years. 

And I've been giving hints and private calls and no one's biting and I'll do a thing on how to build in how it works and all that. And now people say, I just want to just finish off this thought. Oh, that's free electricity. 

Don't be an ass. You already not only do use everyone have free electricity, but you're actually getting paid to use it. How do I know that? Are you getting a bill at the end of the month? That's a payment made to you. 

But according to the contract, you gave it up to them, you said that you're going to pay all the electric companies bills. And what I mean by that is if the electric company board of directors wants to go to Vegas, Vegas, Vegas and have a core cocaine and prostitute party for the whole week at $10,000 a night hotels, you're going to pay for it, you agree to it in your contract. Right? So you do have free electricity and you're getting paid to use it. 

But right now they've got you in a position where if you don't pay them twice, they're going to shut it off. So you got bigger problems than getting free energy, free electricity. You see what I mean? This, this device has nothing to do with having free power for your house. 

It has to do with putting power in a remote location. You get it? Okay. If you put, if you put a generator in a remote location, they need some kind of fuel, doesn't it? Yeah. 

Generally. Yeah. Or you could put it, but remember there's no motion to it. 

So it's really quiet. You know what generators, you always know there's a generator in the area, right? What they call electrical generator. This thing makes the noise of a little, uh, one of those Walmart rechargeable fans that you get that are totally silent. 

You hold it up against your neck to cool you down. So you're telling me this thing will make less noise than your central air or whatever in your place. It makes about the same noise as a laptop fan does.

Oh, wow. That's like nothing. Yeah. 

Okay. Yeah. No, no, no. 

If we were saying this and proving what we're saying now, which we can, uh, 20 years ago, you know, get us killed, right? We go missing, right? Generally. Yeah. That's usually what was the legend. 

I always heard. Yeah, for sure. Yeah.

So I just wanted to bring these things up, uh, because there's a lot going on in my world and my world is your world and your world is my world or whatever. I think you guys, I can share it. Right. 

So should be able to. So one thing at a time, what do you got, what do you got for tonight? Yeah, sure. No problem. 

No, in no particular order. I'll just pull them up. Uh, here's a weird one. 

If you could spend a day with a biblical character, who would it be? If any, that's a good question. The question is, uh, yeah, we'll get once you get, here's the thing about that. I'll tell you whenever someone I've asked that question before, uh, when you have a King James, uh, it's been asked. 

Yeah. If you, um, look at the King James, the English Bibles, it has these very American Franco American names like John Peter, you know, Isaiah, right. Uh, David, right. 

All this stuff. Yes. Uh, what's interesting to add a little more knickknack to the party.

When you find out what their real names were in the language, remember names are exempt from language, right? So if your name is, uh, whatever, whatever, and in, uh, Czechoslovakian, no matter where you go, your name doesn't change according to the translation. Your name is not translated, right? They're they're exempt from translation. Well, it would be, I'll tell you who it would be. 

Yes. Yes. Okay. 

Well, that's interesting again, because I was just going to say, look in different languages, they tell you there's a different interpretation of a name sometimes. And like when I hear Yesha, I think to myself, that's Joshua, which is, you know, except there's no J in the language that that originated in. Yeah, that's right. 

So you would have a phonetic equivalent, right? A phonetic equivalent. I mean, uh, look, okay. So my first name, Charles, fine. 

Uh, but you might find Carlos. You might find, uh, it should be, but here, the proper thing, it would be Charles. They wouldn't change it.

That would be the proper thing, but sometimes, but if they change it, it's a nickname just like, remember, there you go. Well, that's, I was just going to say, that's why I'm called Chuck. But yeah. 

Okay. Fair enough. A nickname, but that's the weird thing. 

But then there's the legal name. And then there's your name, which is different. Yes, absolutely. 

Okay. Good. I just wanted to hit that point. 

Thank you. Um, I would be, I would say that that's who it would be because you have to be pretty, pretty cool to walk around with your head shaved and all the hair shaved off for two years. Yeah, that's, that's something. 

I mean, you know, that's like that movie powder. Anyway. Yeah, I'm out of shit. 

I feel like doing that right now. It doesn't, it's not that bad when you shave off the hair, I guess. Uh, anyhow, speaking of possession, uh, cause we did talk about possession on a recent, uh, Sonic, uh, what happens to people when they have a so-called alcoholic blackout, they still walk around, speak with people, maybe get into a fight or do whatever stupid things, but they don't remember anything the next day. 

Is there a spiritual component there and possession, or is it just simply intoxication by alcohol? I am asking because not all the people who get wasted experience of blackout. Like for instance, I've been able to black out, but I get no hangover now. Uh, but blackouts are real super rare for me. 

And then again, there's other people that have like, you know, they touch alcohol, they blackout, they don't remember anything. And sometimes I think they're making it up and it's just an excuse, but go ahead. Okay. 

So that was your interjection. That wasn't the whole question, right? No, not at all. I gave you the rest of the whole question. 

You know, he didn't pause enough there and I didn't get enough air in between, but I get it. Okay. So the general thing is that, well, I, okay, let's just go back to the beginning of the question, blacking out. 

That's no different than someone waking up in the hospital because they went through the windshield. What I'm trying to say about that in the spiritual world is they always tend to look for people that are incapacitated somehow. Uh, I know this, um, from observation and accounts that when people are ill, uh, uh, unstable mentally, you know, their mind is unstable or they've been through physical trauma.

They're more apt, uh, to be, uh, oppressed, influenced and possessed. That's why a lot of people that have severe drug addictions that were the point where they, it, what would you call it? Causes them physical and mental trauma. They are more apt to being possessed because they will almost always go into someone that is disabled.

Okay. Well, that makes sense. Yeah. 

Somebody who suffers trauma usually is more susceptible to outside influence, all that kind of stuff. Look, typical thing, right? When people go, Oh, now I'm getting psychic understandings after I got a head trauma, I got hit by something. I got these entities influence you directly. 

That's because you're changing. We we've been over this before once. And then they, they, they fool you. 

They hit you. It's true. I mean, you get to the point where the cops want to talk to you to find a missing body. 

That's a bonafide, you know, what do you call them? Clairvoyant. Right. Uh, that's because they're doing it with you because they don't want you to start figuring out things. 

They'd rather distract you with that. I'm not saying it's a bad thing, uh, but you know, just, just keep things in perspective. Well, it's like most things, it's not a good or a bad thing. 

You just have to know how to use it. Yeah. Yeah. 

Who's worse. They're bank robbers or the cops that catch the bank robbers. You know, I mean, they're both, uh, both as illegal. 

They're both the police or everything. The police do is just as illegal as what the bank robbers are doing. So everyone's going to applaud the police, right? Mostly. 

Yeah. Except in the time, but they're both equal. So, well, that's why I see no problem with people celebrating people like John Dillinger when he was robbing banks. 

Cause it was kind of like, eh, why not? You know, he was so good at it that he, he was supposedly shot here in Tucson, but they shot some poor bastard in the theater and said it was Dillinger. Dillinger got away. It was actually, it was, uh, well, just like you've heard, uh, Ralph Epperson stuff about, uh, the guy who shot Kennedy really became a Senator, changed his name, right? Well, there was that. 

And there was also, uh, he had the thing about the guy who shot, uh, Lincoln actually. Right. Why? I'm sorry. 

Did I say Kennedy? Lincoln. Right. Yeah. 

Uh, booth. Yeah. Yeah. 

And the guy who shot Kennedy, we don't know who that is, but we have an idea what, what fraternity they might've been in most likely. Right. Right. 

Okay. I, I wasn't going to correct you on the Kennedy thing, but yeah, I remember the whole, there is a meme about Lincoln and Kennedy back and forth. Anyway, maybe that's where I got it. 

Oh yeah. Cause it's all backwards. Uh, you know, a secretary named Kennedy and Kennedy has a secretary named Lincoln. 

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

That's so it's, it's interesting how that just happened without even thinking about it. You see? Yes. So, so anyway, uh, rolling the dice, when you tell a normie about things outside of their box, sometimes one will turn into an agent Smith and really try to screw you over. 

Uh, that was something that they had to say, because we're talking about, you know, trying to talk to somebody normal, normal once in a while. And you talked about going out in public. So that's where that came from. 

Uh, what are your thoughts on that though? I mean, they really try to screw you over. Is that just part of the game you figure? Or is that, yeah, it definitely, well, the matrix is a, is a good movie on many, many points, right? Many aspects for a reason, you know, whether, even if the normies say it, but a real normie, by the way, like an NPC won't see any value in the metaphors of the matrix. Do you ever notice that? Yeah. 

They just think it's an action movie. So, uh, yeah, they try to screw with you, but, uh, but don't try to screw back because they can get pretty nasty. They usually are. 

We're talking about the majority of the people. And unfortunately that majority is your family members first. Well, the important thing that everybody skips, even when they're trying to over psychoanalyze everything else is, you know, they tell them at a certain point, Hey, look, don't forget all these people you see, they are part of the matrix now. 

Yeah. They're innocent people, but they're also part of the matrix. So maybe they're not innocent people. 

So that's how you have to handle them. Well, you see the lady in the red dress look again, right? And then she turns right. Exactly. 

But it's also part of your growing member. This is not a real reality. Um, I tested, I tested often. 

Uh, but, but it's, it's a joke that writes its own punchline. Uh, when you test it, right. So it's kind of like backfiring, but it's not, it's not, it's not backfiring. 

It's more like blowback. That's the term. The intelligence uses that blowback, like, you know, cleaning something up, right? Like when you botched something and you got blowback and then you got to cover the blowback and you got to cover the event and all that problems coming back at you for something you did, which is just normal. 

That's just what happens. Yeah. And if here's the thing, if you deal with a normie and they want to screw with you back, what happened is it's a good, it's a bad thing. 

Cause they want to screw with you. You don't want any malevolent energy, more malevolent energy. It's all malevolent here anyway. 

Um, but what it actually means that you slipped through the cracks because usually the system prevents you from getting through to a normie where they want to screw with you. Right. It usually separates, you create some kind of distraction or a barrier where they just are completely censored. 

And they're like, when you're speaking that all they hear is the Charlie Brown teacher voice. Right. Um, so, so somehow you got through to them. 

That's good in a way. And also if they screw with you, you're going to survive. And even if you don't, it's still fine. 

Um, that means that the system is getting, the matrix is getting weaker. Uh, right. So, because typically talking to a normie, they would just think you're crazy and brush you off.

But if they want to screw with you, there's a lot more going on than the normal interaction with a normie. Cause standard reaction is you're just an idiot. Shut up. 

It's like calling a call and show with Hannity. You're a loose nut or whatever, whatever he says. Exactly. 

So look, there's a long commentary here about, uh, you know, the grandmother and they used to do something about the eating. You talked about, you know, uh, when it's proper to eat certain things. And what she says here is that it seemed to work in reverse for her grandmother, which causes another question to emerge. 

And this is due to a conversation. Everything is not one size fits all. Is it possible that the exact opposite would work with certain people compared to the way you laid it out as far as when to eat heavier, when to eat lighter and when to transition, uh, yeah, but yeah, good. 

No, you have to take into account the constitution and condition of whoever is going to be doing this, right? Like, uh, an extreme example would be the, the infant, the infirm and the elderly. They typically, when you have an infant, someone who's infirm or the elderly, they, you have to make adjustments in that, in the family for them. Right. 

Right. Absolutely. Yeah. 

Even no matter where the moon is or what the season is. So you have to look at that. Also, if it's the complete opposite, uh, it's not, if you really have, um, the universal principles are absolutes by the way, and you're constantly being told there are no absolutes. 

Yes, they are. They are absolutes within the construct that we live in within this, whatever reality we call, we call reality universal principles are absolutes. Just like when you're doing a math problem, the numbers that you put in are absolutes. 

In other words, they're going to work here. They're going to work everywhere, right? It's mathematics almost. It isn't absolute. 

So you're not diagnosing or assessing who gets what, when, um, cause the principle is absolute, right? Okay. I got it. So they may change based on a condition, but the principle is fine.

So in other words, it may be better for one of those categories of types you just brought up because they are the ones that you definitely have to make an adjustment for. They're saying to do the opposite. That doesn't tell me that you see these things. 

Unfortunately, it's kind of like when you give, when you talk about real history, people are used to hearing it like a half hour sitcom. You know, they talk about for 20 minutes, they talk about how bad everything was and how it got fixed in the last two minutes, right? This is people are used to, uh, to do real history. It takes four hours to do an introduction, four hours about any, just a single event, four hours to pretty much go down and what happened in four hours and how it was covered up. 

It's never, it's never simple. Um, so these things are not simple, you, but the, but you could, because they are absolute universal principles are absolute. You could break it down to what we call expansive contractive, you know, yin and yang, you know, up, uh, upward is yang, which takes right. 

This energy and downward is yin, which this energy, the opposite would go to, those are the principles, right? So once you start applying those, uh, for example, if the opposite worked for your grandmother, she's probably either tall or short than normal, right? You take that into account. She's not quote unquote, normal height. So what would affect people of, um, of, uh, in your family positively might affect her negatively because she's extra tall or extra short. 

Now, the reason I bring this up, I recently visited someone's family and it was like a nine, 10 and 12 year old child at the door. You know how the heights are, right? And then the grandma came in and she was as tall as the children. That's really bizarre looking by the way. 

Uh, and, uh, she was like almost 80. So, you know, it's not, you know, definitely we could have even been the great grandma. I'm like, wow.

Um, the, the, obviously she grew up in a very young environment in the mountainous area and they did their posh students from Afghanistan. Oh, well, there you go. Right. 

So yeah. I mean, they go out and open toe sandals in the snow. Right. 

So yeah. At, at 10,000 feet elevation, that's where she was raised. And the children were raised here and, you know, gotten all the chemicals and they're way bigger than they would have been. 

That 12 year old girl would have been the size of a, um, I mean the, uh, the 12 year old girl in Afghanistan would have been the size of the seven year old here. It's really small. They're much smaller. 

You ever noticed that yeah, certain people were much smaller. Remember, uh, if you've ever been to, um, Charleston, Virginia or places where they still have structures that were built in the 16 and 17 hundreds, you walk into the door and you're like, why are the doors so short? No, there's colonial parts of a Jersey that still stand. Like if you go to the Washington slept here house, the original dimensions on stuff are smaller. 

They just were the preserved pieces of it are smaller. Yeah. Yeah. 

Cause they didn't have, um, they didn't have all the chemicals in the environment, which are what expansive. Right. Right. 

And they're going to, they're going to really get into the people that are young. You're right. They're going to really get into the people. 

It's much like a marshmallow, right? Because it's, it's still a lot of sugar. But that sugar cube contains more sugar in a smaller space. It's just a giant marshmallow.

Yeah. But the interesting thing about sugar though, it will not really expand you. It will actually deteriorate you because the sugar being a natural chemical, let's say a refined sugar, let's call it a chemical or corn, corn syrup, refined sugar, or refined corn syrup, or beat, whatever is all the same. 

What happens is when it gets into the body, that sugar wants to go and be attached to starches and minerals and water, just like it was when it was in the sugar cane. So you could pretty much see when you have a refined food product, what it will, how much it will deplete from your body when you trace it back and see where it was taken from. So if it was taken from a sweetener taken from a complex plant, it's going to take more from your body than if it was taken from, let's say a microbe or a bacteria, which is very basic, it won't take much to satisfy it. 

Right. Right. You see my point? So this is universal principle again. 

And it always works. That's, what's great about it. So, and it's very rare that people start hearing this kind of talk and, and get it right from the very beginning. 

It takes constant observation, practice and counsel and discussion. So my analogy wasn't, yeah, my analogy wasn't about the content or the sugar. My analogy was about how you take something and you sort of blow it up bigger, even though it's got less of what the other thing has in it. 

In other words, there can be a more compact and efficient version of something as opposed to the, something that's sort of just blown up. And a marshmallow is a great example because that's basically like a sugar cube, blown up a big old marshmallow. And that's what people have become like big marshmallows.

Yeah. Mars, but actually marshmallow, believe it or not, is, well, there's natural marshmallow is, I'm not trying to be contrary. It's actually a complex thing. 

You ever see the ingredients in that? Yeah. But the, the old ones I'm talking about, not the, you know. Yeah. 

Yeah. I used to, we used to like, uh, like when they used to catch fire, blow them out right away with that carbon on the outside or melted on the inside. Never, never quite burned you caused any harm, but it was a get tired of it. 

I think white people have a thing called s'mores or something. I never had one of those. So anyway, but yeah. 

Yeah. They take the hot marshmallow, they stick it with, uh, you know, some Hershey bar or something and a cracker and a cookie or something. Yeah. 

I get it. Yeah. It lets you hold it. 

Right. Yeah. But the universal prince, you got anything else by the way? No, the universal principles, that's why they call them universal principles. 

They work everywhere. Uh, but the thing is, unless you, this is my advice, unless you're actively discussing it in groups or have a council or I'm not going to study, I don't know where you're going to go to study. You're going to have to find a, an old library because there's nothing online about it. 

I mean, there is, there is stuff online, but Oh my gosh, it's when people you're not in the heyday of the internet. Like what would you say the internet was like between 2003 and 2013 for finding stuff. Yep. 

Yeah. For using it. Yeah.

Yeah. So it's, uh, you know, I was speaking with someone recently about, uh, they, they, they knew Shizuko and Michio Kushi and all that. I don't mean to be Jap, you know, uh, Nipa, Nipa, Nipo centric. 

Nippon is the proper name for Japanese. Uh, where they used to call nips. Right. 

In world war two, um, the, uh, uh, centric, but it is one, a good way to start. There's the Vita's the Vedas, uh, which is a good place. Also, if you can get through, no one's really compiled them because the purpose of the Vedas was to distract and destroy an entire generation here when they brought it, the West, the intelligence agencies forced it upon the movements in the sixties and seventies, right. 

It was to make people crazy. So, but anyway, if you can get to the core of stuff, I know someone that was familiar with the same people that I learned it from. And I said, can you really do it? And can you teach it? Because the reason I'm asking you is maybe we should get together and do like a couple of short once a month groups where people can come and discuss, you know, quote unquote macro macrobiotic principles or Taoist principles, universal principles, because you can't go online and find much, you know, you go online and tell you, well, this is a list of yin things and this is a list of yang things. 

So what? So what? Right. Right. I mean, it's like going to military and these are the lists of the weapons that we have. 

And this is a list of the weapons the enemy has. So what, how do you use it? This is what we have in the grocery store. Okay. 

Yeah. It's amazing. It's like, just because you go grocery shopping doesn't mean you could cook the stuff when you get home. 

Right. That too. And the only way to do it is with direction and people sharing experiences because you, then you'll learn how to combine things, combine your point of views, your observations, and being objective. 

To give you an example, like one thing with the water device. Now, what we're doing is I have, yeah, I'm going to say at a university greenhouse type situation, agriculture and another university that does hydrodynamics and what, and approaching them and saying, I want you guys to check this device out and just tell us what it does. We, because we can't really say what it does because we invented it. 

But when I say we, the corporate me, uh, we invented it and have been observing it and real happy with it. So I can no longer be objective. I can only be subjective. 

It's kind of like a chick started laughing when I talk. It's like, like when you have a child or a kid, um, and someone asks you, tell me about your child or your kid. You're going to say they're great. 

They're smart. They're good looking. They're intelligent. 

Right? But if you drop them off with someone who's never seen them before, they're going to give you a much more objective reassessment of your child or kid than you would, because every parent tends to think their children are good looking, smart and whatever. Right? So you see the point? So if I don't tell you anything about it, just drop it off and you tell me, and then I can have a more intentional.