Alright, Rated Y, Sonic Event 204, and we're on the Jitsi again, but I don't know, it was a little bit of a hot noise to start with, and hopefully it's in good shape now, I think we're good, Sonic should sound good. Anyway, how you doing, Greek? Hey, pretty good. Well, you know, on my end, this is internally, you sound like one of those morning shows where they have an echo, real loud, but it's fine.

If you did the test and the recording sounds acceptable, check it out, yeah. Yeah, remember the morning shows in Asia, oh baby, I'll tell you, that's the one that took up TV last night, it was really good. And the more you speak, the more the echo is, so I hope I can hear what you're saying, but let's start off with some questions if you got any.

I actually do. Let's get to those, because that's usually the most important thing, to get things kicked off. Anyway, this one I barely understood, but let's deal with it anyway.

In the code of Hammurabi, every punishment seems to deal with death. Greek mentioned that on Earth it builds up a karmic tension for each death, so would the code basically cease that karmic bond if everyone just followed it and wasn't punished? Or would that code be placed knowing humans would break it and build up the karmic death cycle? Both. Both, if you can say it that way.

The thing is, there's laws, and if there's a, let's say, this is just how it goes, everyone's got personal quote-unquote feelings and ideas about it. When something is a death offense, it should be carried out, and when it's not, it's actually worse sometimes, like when someone murders and they're not doing it deliberately, right? Yeah, it also goes down, they should be put to death if they murder deliberately. But then there's a fun aspect there, you go to war and shoot 100 people and you're given a medal, right? So there's no natural aspect, it's 100% spiritual based on law, and your law comes from your god.

Right, and even within the text of what I've understood, right, I gotta throw this in, there is the possibility that you could commit a killing that is not a murder, and murder is a crime. Yeah, by accident. Well, not necessarily by accident, like even if it is intentional, defending oneself is okay, right? Yeah, that's right.

I mean, the idea, or defending others, even, defending your home, defending weaker people. Yes, it's intense. Look, even if you say you killed someone in self-defense, if there's evidence or witnesses that you had malice towards them before, it could become first degree, let's say.

Okay, but if it just so happens, you know, a stranger happens upon you and is violent, you put him down. Yeah, self-defense is adequate, yeah. But there's also more to it, like the karmic side, you know, I'm using that word loosely, the way people understand it, because when you read, you know, let's say the ancient writs about karma, it's very extensive, it's not just what people think.

No, it's not a simple action and reaction, it's not just that. No, it's not. But putting people in prison, for example, for stealing is unlawful.

When you steal, there's no prison or jail, what you do is you have to pay back twice, let's say, what you stole, the value, and if you don't have the money to do that, or the value to do that, you have to work it off, so you literally become that person's servant until it's worked off. So it's not just murder, and when it comes to law and the karmic side, the spiritual side on how the earth reacts, it's any mal-act that's not done according to law. So you know, like I always say that, first of all, no one is in jail or prison lawfully, or even legally, and having people the way they do it, it's all unlawful, because it's all commercial.

But if you look at the Code of Hammurabi and other stuff, it's all commercial too, like if someone builds a house, and it falls on the owner's son, and he dies, and we have to kill the son of the builder, so it's commercial again. These kinds of laws and things are for nation-building, I've always talked about this. When you read a lot of ancient writs, it's for nation-building, kind of like the Constitution of the U.S., or the Constitution of a country, you got a new country, okay, you got your post office set up, okay, well, where's your Constitution, or when you start a company, where's your charter, what are you setting out to do? Most of these laws, really, initially, were setting up a new entity, if you could call it that, and it had the rules for that entity.

So right now, what's going on, mostly, is adjustment of laws, or getting away from them. It's good you brought that up, because I was listening to Jonah Bay's recent audio, I'm really enjoying Jonah Bay, I'm almost at the point where I can endorse him, he's that good, believe it or not. Which one is Jonah Bay, is that the guy who's telling you the West is poisoned, or is that the other one? No, no, that's Middle Nation, that's another guy.

I wouldn't endorse him, because I think he's putting too much cultural pressure on people. Just to switch over, that guy at Middle Nation, Saeed, I think his name is, I recently found out he was in prison for murder during the Egyptian rebellion, or the Arab Spring, and he was released for some reason, and some people like him, some people don't. I'm just saying his commentary, because it's culture, is valid, mostly.

But with Jonah Bay, he brought up a court case, United States versus Johnson, 1947, where the essence is, the only rights you have are the ones you can defend, and this case was specifically about being a belligerent defendant. So when you go to these courts, which are, they're not courts, they're like Article One courts, they have no power in law or equity, it's all contract courts. They give you charges, anything you say can and will be used against you.

The idea of being a belligerent defendant is, you go in there and you cuss them out. You say, what you're doing is unconstitutional. If they arrest you, you have habeas corpus, unrightful imprisonment, all this stuff, until you get to the Supreme Court, and you just basically cuss them out, right there.

And I've heard a recording of a young man, Caleb, he went into court, cussed out the judge, and she was like, well, the judge was threatening him, he says, I don't care what you say, if you're a public official, you're fired, you know, that kind of stuff. And if they put you in jail, habeas corpus, and it's really a quarter of a million dollars if they jail you unlawfully, but that's another story. I kind of like, when you listen to a lot of the stuff like Batman back in the days, I know some people might have never heard of him, but he was like, don't be belligerent.

Actually, the Supreme Court says, if you're not belligerent, and you accept anything they say, basically, now you take liability for it, because by the way, what they're doing in the current legal system, the police, the lawyers, attorney generals, all the courts, except for the Supreme Court, is illegal and unlawful in that venue. But if you switch it over to commercial, you're writing contracts, right, it's all commercial. So it's pretty heinous, it's pretty horrible, what they're doing.

That's why I say, I can almost say with little exception, no one is in jail, well, I can tell you for sure, no one is in prison legally, or lawfully, I mean, no one is in prison lawfully. Some might be there legally, because they agreed to it, they'd rather be in prison than doing other things, and that's fine, then it's not really prison, it's a, what do they call, what did they call people when they put them in the Fed, it was club fed, right? Voluntarily. So it's that bad, but no one really, look, the stuff I've been talking about, I've been saying for two decades, three decades now, no one knows what's going on, no one pretty much knows anything with little exception.

So any subject you approach, even if you don't know about it, you could say, oh, let's see how they're running this shit backwards, right? Let's say there's a new subject we, you and I, never heard of, and someone brings it up, I say, I never heard of this, and we go look into it, and before I even look into it, I say, let's see how they're telling us what the opposite of what it really is, and you'll be pretty much on point if you do that. Now, some people might say, oh, that's really sarcastic or pessimistic, well, look, I didn't make this shit up, right? Yeah. So.

I got you. Anyway. Like, for instance, a new business could be, you know, documents that you print that are actually, you know, to replace other things that people think they need.

You know what I mean? Like the guy who turned around and created that, what is it, the Republic of Contra or whatever, they're on the tip of Florida. You ever see that? Oh, you can do that. Micronations? Yeah.

Yeah. I like Slow Jamistan. Yeah.

That one, well, there's that, and there's another one. That's the DJ. Yeah.

Yeah. Well, there's one in New Mexico. This is quite a few.

There's about 10 of them. Oh, yeah. There's one in California, one in Mexico, one in Florida.

Yeah. There's one in Arizona, too, isn't there? Nevada. Nevada.

Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah.

Okay. Yeah. They don't get much publicity.

I don't think they want it, but they do button it up according to law, you know? Well, that's the thing, is that they actually usually don't get messed with, and they tell them, look, as long as you kind of abide by U.S. laws also, it's fine, which is weird to me. Yeah, which is fine to a degree, which if someone says, you know, you need to abide by U.S. laws, fine, because when you read the U.S. laws or definitions, it's fine. Yeah.

I'm not a fiction, right? I'm not this. I'm not... Yeah, it doesn't... Yeah. The craziest thing is, well, they say, like, the United States is in District of Columbia.

It didn't say United States is District of Columbia, it says it's in District of Columbia, so you go around District of Columbia, Washington, D.C., 10-mile square area, three-and-a-half by three-and-a-half miles, whatever it is, drive around and keep asking people, where's the United States? You'll never find it. It's in a file cabinet somewhere. So their laws are totally, totally fine.

All of it, it's all perception, it's a perception, what do you call it? Perceived reality. Perception, what do they call it when people, consensus reality, which is when you get people... Yeah, media, the media is very, very important on... Forget about any body of knowledge, it's the media, you know, that really controls it. Before the media that we have, it was the church and, you know, stuff like that.

So, yeah, it's pretty bad. It's pretty bad. It's like herding cattle.

What I see, and if you've been around cattle or whatever, like when there's a young calf, it's not even a year old and it starts to snow or rain, the calf freezes, like, what the hell is this? I've never seen this before. They have to go out and get it because it's standing in the muddy field, frozen, stiff, scared stiff. The rancher has to go out and bring it back in because it never saw rain before, right? Right.

That's how I see most people, and especially professionals, when I interact with, quote unquote, doctors, lawyers, whatever, and bring up anything that they're supposed to be doing, just ask simple questions. They kind of freeze up and they're like, oh my gosh, you know, I never thought of that. I mean, God damn, you're working on people or you're a lawyer, you don't know any of this.

Oh my gosh. You know, it's pretty, it's like the calf that gets, you know, never saw rain before and it's scared stiff, you know? It's pretty bad. I always find it amazing when somebody's called a doctor, but they really do not know how to dress a wound properly, you know? Well, they don't know anything.

What the hell are you doing? Yeah, they're just serving a position. Yeah. Anyway, one other piece of commentary came in.

I like the casual mention of the coming global cooling age. I don't know what that's from anyway, but he says Florida orange groves will become Florida apple orchards and no more gators. What do you think of that? Well, the thing is, I would, I would lean heavily on the archaics doctrine and narrative about the Phoenix coming and going into a vapor canopy in 2040, the beginning of a vapor canopy, like all the volcanoes, you know, one big, large volcano puts out more emissions than all the cars in the world do in 10 years, right? So imagine hundreds of volcanoes going off, blocking out the sun, greenhouse effect, and then ice forming on that greenhouse on the outside, right? So you're basically one of those, one of those Christmas balls that you shake and it snows.

That's what the earth, you know, our environment will be like a snow globe, purple sky snow globe. Yeah. Yeah.

Well, I don't buy ice age. I buy the vapor canopy. I'll lean on the vapor canopy, which is neither ice age or heat wave.

And the way I would say that is, I don't know if anyone's all here listening old enough. If you bought a car in the late seventies, the on the speedometer, it accentuated 55. It had it in orange or had a circle around it or a square on it because you're supposed to drive.

And if you find out why they put drive 55, it's because that was the most efficient speed for the cars they had then to use less fuel. So because we were going into an ice age, we didn't want to accelerate it. That was the reasoning.

If you've seen old cars that you might remember, they see 55 miles an hour, accentuated on the speedometer. Yeah. That was because of the coming ice age.

So I think that if you're confused about this, that means you're you're OK, because you should just focus on what has the most evidence. And believe it or not, the only person out here or, you know, entity or collective of information that has the best data set, as they would say, is Jason Breshears of Archaic. He has the best historical data set.

You can't argue with it too much. You know, the chances of it not happening the way he's saying it's going to happen is very slim. So I would lean on that information.

Fair enough. I also figured that that had to inspire that Sammy Hagar song, right? I can't drive 55. Remember that? Yeah.

Well, I wasn't a big Sammy Hagar fan, but I figured you might have heard it on the radio or whatever. So look, I have one last piece of feedback only, and then I'm done with the feedback. But it was kind of long.

And what they said is that they've been listening for a little while and they decided they wanted to listen to as much as they could and go through rated Y. They had gone through other, you know, permutations of your sonics before. And they said, you know, I want to start applying this stuff, but I'm a little concerned. Now, I responded back immediately and said, look, if I'm you, if you value the people and things around you, don't because how socially you want to be.

That's the thing, because you're going to immediately change all that if you really engage with every single level of this stuff. And but they wanted to ask you, where should I start if I want to start engaging now that I've taken the time to listen, evaluate, go with it, and now I'm going to start changing things accordingly. And I went, hmm, OK, so I'll just throw it to the grease.

Simple. That's real simple. And the answer is that what are the basic needs? Food, clothing, shelter, by example.

So all the little tips and tricks and hints and methods that I put out regarding food, clothing and shelter start demonstrating that to others. If you have a household or whatever, and they'll see, oh, wow, how come this, you know, he's doing everything so much better and then introduce the more subtle things, the spiritual stuff, the lawful stuff, the other concepts slowly, like, you know, and food, clothing, shelter, also human body. You know, I've had quite a few testimonials over the years about people getting injuries and, you know, everyone around them is like, oh, you got to go to the emergency room, you know, like a laceration or something.

And they're like, no, no, no. Do this. And like they show me a photo.

It's pretty gruesome. And then like three days later, it looks like nothing happened. You know, with the electrical tape and paper towels, you know, that's you don't have to use that.

But that's the basics of it. And so then when you build up, by example, food, clothing, shelter and the human body, people then will tend to be more accepting and more, let's say, swayed over. Oh, yeah.

With the cooking and everything. I get all that. But what happens is when you get to a certain point, though, and you start going, well, now I'm against the medical convention because I'm telling you, you know, the heart's not a pump.

OK, but hold on. You don't have to be against it. You could be you could run parallel to it.

Right. Because remember, I've always said these idiots in the medical community, they've done a lot of grunt work. Right.

So if someone digs a big ditch, you just don't go fill it just because just leave it there. It might be good use. You may want to throw them in the ditch right later.

And so, you know, so leave it open. So so a lot of the things that they have, like, you know, with anatomy is valid, but they don't know how it works at all. And you know what they do, but they won't tell you because it's we're at war.

We're an information war. People don't know that, you know, the United this country lost a war in 1871 and even lost again. Imagine a country like Iraq, right? They invaded one in 91 and then they invaded again in 2003.

That's what happened to the US. They came in 1871, started the war, and then they invaded again in 1933. All administratively, all on paper, which is more lethal, because if they blew up your homes and killed your people, it would be very easy and functional resistance.

But if they do it sneaky using paperwork that they know and also they're going to dissuade you from reading it, they're going to win every time. And that's how it works. And just like whenever a fiat currency is introduced as the only currency, it's the end of a nation.

That's a maximum of law. That's not even whatever. So you're at war.

You just don't know it. But it's a different kind of war, right? It's an informational war. So you run parallel to it.

You know, one of the best things to do, the national the Germans did, this national socialist is about 30 percent of the equipment they had was salvaged from the other side. Right. OK, so you want to you want to maintain a battle, let's say, break, you tactically succeed and strategically succeed, but you want to save as much of the equipment as possible so you don't have to manufacture it from the ground up.

It's kind of like the concept of the neutron bomb kills all the people, but it leaves all the infrastructure intact. That's what they did. And it's still going on today.

But they're killing you in many, many ways that you don't even realize. And now it's pretty obvious that they don't mind killing you off. I think the U.S., by the way, is pretty close to a zero population growth, isn't it? Well, in other words, for every person that's born, one person dies pretty close to that.

Well, no, it's it's at a point where we're below replacement, OK, where you don't have below population growth. It's below replacement. So you're replacing, say, one point two for every two people kind of thing.

So that I see. Yeah, that's the the math. That's about so for every so every person that first.

So for every person that's born, two people are dying. Almost hard to say. Almost. 

So we're not interesting. Yeah, that's pretty bad when you consider, you know, how humans typically are. But that's that's another discussion, really, because there's plenty of room for everyone. 

You know, the entire population of the earth could be put in Texas. Right. In a suburban setting.

So and by the way, I think I've been pushing around videos. There's some people that have been doing research in China and people that defected from the communist CCP. If you look hard, they'll tell you there's really like anywhere between three hundred and fifty to four hundred and fifty million people in China, not one point, whatever billion. 

Right. I've been saying that for more than 20 years. And the reason they put up the figure is because they've discounted their birth certificates. 

Right. So they need more. Right. 

So anyway. Yeah. So this is the population of who knows what it is because the information is held by the bankers and we know the bankers always give us accurate information.

Right. So, yeah, no, they don't confabulate. Right. 

Yeah. But back to the question. Try to do by example.

But yeah, I find I tell people if you're in a relationship, marriage or whatever, whatever, there's like a 70 to 90 percent chance rate that if only one of you wants to do this stuff, the relationship won't hold. Right. Now, I've heard of people that, you know, like some new people, I would love your stuff. 

And are you married? Yeah. Oh, but she loves it, too. OK, cool. 

Because if she wasn't into it, it's over. It's just a matter of time. Right. 

You're going to diverge. I mean, it's just going to. Yeah, it's a matter of time.

Yeah. And the stuff I put out is is better than what they're doing. Otherwise, I wouldn't be putting it out.

It's pretty obvious. I mean, to to once you put it in practice, that it is a better method. And the only reason I'm doing Sonics is because 99 percent of the stuff I talk about, I can't find anywhere else.

Right. So so you're creating it and that's all good. So anyway, that's all the feedback I've got for for this one.

Yeah. Well, we got we did something different. The last two Sonics was a part one, part two of of the testament of the robustness of the human or the man and women.

Right. Right. And things you should be concerned about.

What I got into the basics, food, clothing, shelter. Someone did post regarding food, a cauliflower recipe on the Greek chili and the Greek Chitango, which is the right idea. I did. 

I've done a broccoli recipe and a cabbage recipe. The cauliflower. I do something similar.

I haven't done it in a while. The idea of using a lot of fat with cauliflower, as in the video, is very good. So but that's the idea.

You can make a single vegetable, an entree if you prepare it. Right. And yeah, that's that's definitely the idea.

And thank you for whoever posted that. The other thing that's been showing up in the chili and the Greek Chitango is this the voices. A lot of the some of them are really some people apparently are when you're more like one of the comments was, you know, I kind of knew something about that a little bit. 

I sensed it. But when the Greeks are talking about it now, I really zeroed in on it. I really see it clearly.

And a lot of negative stuff comes from these things, kind of like look out for Charlie. You know, these finds these hidden voices are always negative. Yeah, that's basically the what's happening here.

But it doesn't mean you have to succumb to it. Now, it's OK to succumb to it and let it flow through. But but and it's also not OK to always be fighting it.

And one of the things that I always found is when I catch that, like chatter in the head, I just stop and tell myself, OK, so what did you say? Say that again. And it stops because they rely on you not acknowledging it as being separate from you. And the moment you acknowledge that these voices and inputs are not yours and you buy it by saying, hey, say that again or I'm not having that bullshit or whatever. 

They stop. They literally stop because their whole memo is to not be recognized as a separate entity from who their, you know, their victim is. And we're all victims to a degree.

The thing that I posted is the Mandela effect. Holy crap. I needed a part, by the way.

It's an oil pressure sensor. And I started looking around all the typical places and it's discontinued, discontinued, discontinued, not available, not available. Even I went to Chrysler, discontinued, called the dealer.

Are you sure? Yeah, it's discontinued. So I found a place that they could order. It came from another part of the state.

They came in. It was the wrong piece. It didn't fit. 

I was like, damn, you know, the sensor just the terminals were off and all that. And then I was like, all right, let me go back to the computer and start searching again. And I went through every place that I had previously searched now had it. 

Every single outlet had it. Wow. And I was like, OK, all right.

All right. Now, I'm not that far off with my memory because I remember spending an hour going to many, many sites, looking up, cross-referencing, making phone calls. It was discontinued, discontinued, not available, not available.

I ordered the part that comes in. It's the wrong part. Will not fit, even though they assured me it's the right one.

I start everything from scratch again. And now suddenly it's available even at like AutoZone or O'Reilly's. It's just there, you know.

And I'm like, how can this be? So at least on AutoZone or O'Reilly's, you can go in and look at it directly and know it's the right or wrong part. I did get it today. I mean, I got it today and it is the right one.

But how could it be? I clearly remember last week it didn't exist. It was actually more than two weeks ago because well, because it didn't exist. And I got the wrong one. 

I actually repaired the old one, which exploded. And the repair wouldn't hold because it's plastic against metal. And it has to be crimped a certain way.

But anyway, I just sat down and took a deep breath and laughed. And I said, you mother effers. See, I don't really you really mess with us this much.

Now, this sounds very personal, right? Because it's not like everybody remembers the Empire State Building looking like this. And now it looks like that. This is very personal, meaning just me, myself.

And I had to meditate as I did. I really recall I haven't had a notepad, you know, taking notes that I couldn't find it. So and the notes were still there.

A bunch of other stuff changed also last week or this week. Something you see. I often tell people that, look, when you hit a wall like that, that you don't think you should be hitting, walk away from it, go back to it later and just try it again. 

Just from the beginning again. Well, here's the interesting thing. That's not this is not the case because it was established in the past that this thing was discontinued. 

I gave up. Right. And then when the part that I got disposed to work didn't fit, I said, well, I got to start all over again.

And when I did, I noticed there's nothing to stop because I noticed suddenly it's available. Right. So it means the entire world around it changed.

So, you know, I didn't I couldn't do anything. I didn't have to do much because now it's available. No, all you had to do is continue to try, though.

Somebody else might have said, OK, forget it. Now I'm going to change my entire plan because I can't get this part. You know what I mean? Right. 

Right. But I went back and started again the logical thing. Let's just start looking again.

And suddenly it's available everywhere. That means that something happened to this entire reality that flipped. It changed. 

And I'm just wondering if anybody else has been noticing major changes. And I don't think they're major. Like, you know, the Empire State Building now has two towers instead of one or where nothing like that.

In personal, you know, I have had this several times when I was actually made a template. Do you tell me the Empire State Building has two towers literally or are you just making that up? No, I'm just making it up. It's not obvious. 

In other words, that's something that's happening. And what I'm trying to say, it's happening on an individual basis. You're being screwed with individually instead of something everyone can see.

Like, you know, like you get it's not like the Golden Gate Bridge is now green and everyone says, yeah, it's always been green. No, I remember it being red. And 10,000 people say, yeah, it was red.

What's not green? It was never green. And then you have the rest of the population saying, you guys are crazy. It's always been green. 

It's nothing like that. It's very, very, very specific. The only way I can make it more substantial is to put out who else was looking for this part two weeks ago, found it's discontinued, but now it's available.

You know, I mean, that's going to be too narrow of a call out. Right. So what I'm saying is these these things that are happening are very, very personal to an individual.

Right. It's kind of like you will go home one day and your bathroom, instead of being pink or blue, is now green or yellow. And but who are you going to tell? Because, you know, maybe you and one or two other people know that, you see.

Hmm. Right. So I think it's it's messing around on a on a personal level.

But I'm not saying that there isn't, you know, the Bernstein bears or remember, this was it was like Haas avocados was H.A. H double A.S. Not H.A. S.S. A lot of people do remember a lot of these things. I think it's it also happens on an extremely personal level. Right. 

Well, I went through your body moving to another side. Right. I know.

I believe that that kind of thing happens. Also, you know, I had a weird thing with the World Trade Center where, you know, we ended up talking a whole bunch of 9-11 stuff and people had this crazy idea about when the World Trade Center opened for business. And I told them there's no way that's possible because I remember getting a lunchbox with King Kong on it when I was seven years old.

Yeah. And it was a World Trade Center. Nineteen seventy nine.

And he was standing one foot on each one of the World Trade Towers is the way they depicted him on the lunchbox. And they were like, that can't be because it wasn't open. And, you know, it wasn't even available to be a picture in nineteen seventy nine.

I'm like, yes, it was. And it was seventy three, I think. Yeah, right. 

But some of these other people had a memory that it didn't open till the 80s. And oh, my gosh, that's pretty bad memory. That can't be. 

I mean, what's this? I mean, that's a fact that's really, really, I think, too far off that. That's a weird. These edits are more subtle than that.

Yeah. No, I'm just saying I've seen extreme weird things like that. And I was like, you almost made me nervous when you said something about the two you know, like spikes coming up on the world, on the Empire State Building.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 

Which would be weird. But because I've seen that my whole life and I know it's a singular point. So what I'm trying to try to underscore, I think it's a lot of the changes are very, very personal, like like, for example, a good example would be you have a mole on your on your left shoulder and now you've always considered that and known it.

And then one day you look and it's now it's no longer on the left, the same exact moles on the right shoulder. So who are you going to substantiate that with? Only people who know that you have that bowl there. Right. 

So it's very personal. So I'm bringing this up because it ties in with the voices somehow. Same general subject.

But the voices are something to consider because it really stands the entire psychological industry on its head. You know, all the stuff they're saying that they can't substantiate and tell you why someone has schizophrenia or anything like that. It's all external input and they won't they can't go there anyway.

It's a fraud of an institution, the psychology and psychiatry, especially. They don't I mean, they're morons. I mean, how can you have something like psychology or psychiatry when the regular medics think the heart is a pump? I mean, you got to go back to the basics, you know, and they don't know about the biological vacuum.

I want to do also when I do get some time. And by the way, right now, the water stuff that I'm working on is expanding and expanding and I'm getting proposals for projects and I'm trying to just stay on the engineering side, just doing design work. But unfortunately, I do have to build things also.

It's here. One Mandela effect is dealing with engineers. And every time you you have a meeting on something and then you meet with them again and they ask you the same questions as if you didn't have the first meeting.

Now, should I count that as a Mandela effect or a mental defect? But anyway, I have to carry a lot. I mean, but either way, the things are not up to snuff and you can't fix them. So but what I wanted to do when I do get an opening with the for time, if it's possible, is actually get a bunch of people that have medical training together and do like a webinar thing with them.

So bring up the basics, you know, the biological vacuum, all the tissues are nonpermeable. Right. The lung tissue is not permeable.

Right. When I say nonpermeable, you know what I mean. Right. 

It's closed. Nothing goes through a closed system. Yeah. 

But the system is open from the mouth to the anus. And then you have certain other things that may be glands that have poor extrusion anyway. And when I put out the information, ask a small audience of medical people that have the training in anatomy, especially for feedback in real time.

And I'll be, quote, unquote, I'll be nice, but I'll be pleasant and try to give more explanations. And I have put this out to half a dozen people in medical training. No one is coming forward at all.

They don't want it. And I'm like, I won't show your face. I won't give your name, maybe your voice.

But just with the voice alone, I think you can identify people anyway. Mostly. Yeah, you can.

You can. Yeah. So I'm not getting any takers.

And that's fine. I do comprehend why. Because it's very, very subtle.

Imagine, you know, imagine how bad it is for their reputation. You know, imagine saying you're so and so, whatever. And you I heard you in the audience with the Greek and we have to side with the Greek. 

He's got all the you know, the facts and the data sets, let's say, for what's going on. And you're a doctor and you didn't know this. Oh, shit. 

So I get it. I get it. Right.

I still get messages from medical people saying Greek. I never. It's amazing.

Yeah, it is true what you're saying. And, you know, so and there are voice filters out there. If these guys wanted to, they could like mask their voice if they wanted to.

Yeah, whatever. But that's just the thought. I mean, and what why would you structure something like that anyway? Like anyone's going to learn anything from it, right? It's too late, you know, for that kind of stuff.

But again, you don't have to go against any of it. You run parallel, just like with the legal idiots, you know, just stick to the Constitution. Right.

You have all the you have protected rights, meaning not that the Constitution gives you rights. It doesn't. The Bill of Rights supports certain things, right, which most people don't even know what they are. 

That is the Constitution, because it has limitations on what the governing body should do. That is your protection. Is there your protection via the Constitution? Is there a limitation holding them to their limitations is what protects you? Right. 

So they stay inbound. They don't go out of bounds. Right. 

So when you do that, anyone in the legal systems thinks you're going contrary, but you're not. You're using the supremacy clauses. Right. 

And right. In common law, which is court decisions and the Constitution, you're running parallel to it. So don't touch me.

In other words, you're going to keep the legal stuff where it belongs and the law stuff where it belongs. Right. Right.

If running power. So you don't have to go. So with the medical, the legal or anything, even personal relationship, don't go contra, just run parallel to it and do it better.

And, you know, show that's where the show by example or demonstrate, you know, something better comes from. Yeah. Hey, last thing you need to send me that schematic on the aqueous Argentum. 

Oh, yeah, I'll do that. Yeah. Yeah. 

You got you got activity requesting that. Let's say I've got I've got like two, I think. And I want to put them in. 

I'll put them in touch with Joe also, just because he's got one that works already. And with the schematic, then they take it from there. Right. 

Yeah. Yeah, exactly. And if you don't know how to put together a basic circuit, there's plenty of people that do.

Even if you went to an electronic supply place and show them the diagram, I need these parts. They'll actually put it together for you right there. Usually.