Hey, Rated Y, 235, that's what it appears to be. And how are you today, Creek? Yeah, you, are you, yeah, all that and above. That's how are you with a capital O. You know, soon, soon, I never knew, I never know how to answer that.

I never, I never figured out the proper way to answer that in English, other than the nice city. I'm fine. How are you? And then you say, well, I'm fine.

How are you? That's all right. You never give a complete or honest answer about that when asked, I mean, to be straight, right? I mean, isn't that correct? I'm pretty, I'm pretty honest. We, we know we're going to meet and do a sonic and, um, yeah.

And I, so what I do is I usually drop everything that I'm doing sometimes literally and, uh, run to the computer and, you know, I'm usually on time and, uh, or the phone, but I'm not, I'm getting another phone now. Someone's getting me a phone and, um, that'll, that'll work. So I can walk around and do other stuff, but yeah, it's just, everything's cool, man.

Yeah. Excellent. All right.

Well, you sound pretty mellow tonight, so I guess we'll just get, cause I'm tired. Yeah. I've been doing a 3 a.m. to midnight for a long time.

So, uh, well look, and eventually, uh, you will have to rest a bit more. I mean, again, appropriate to age and what your condition is and what it is you're doing. That's how you have to adjust your health, but maybe we'll get to that a little later.

Let's just go at the questions. Okay. Follow up question about teeth, because there was a bit of a few questions about teeth recently.

I'm trying to understand if, if the Greek put dental implants in after losing his teeth and what's his view on them, I had two teeth removed and I'd been thinking what to do. Never said implant. Basically it was a fixture or temporary.

It's a flipper. It's a small partial is what I called. Uh, it's, it's called a partial, it's called a temporary, a flipper in dental parlance.

Uh, and, uh, it's technically a denture, a denture could be one tooth, you know, I know if you know anyone who's a professional hockey player, they all have that in the front, right? Uh, you want to be able to remove it for the game, right? Or a boxer or whatever. Uh, I think Leon Spinks too, um, he had a great set of teeth until he took them out for a fight, right? So you know, uh, it's a partial, what it is, it's a, it's actually an acrylic, a high mineral contact acrylic that's molded to your palate for the upper and, and for the mandible or the jaw for the lower, it's a little more technical because you have saliva glands in that area. Uh, they typically are made way too thick.

Uh, they have to be, I contour them and reinforce them. Uh, yeah, it's a denture actually. No, no implants.

Okay. Now implant, they're literally putting a fence post into, into your bone, whether it's your jaw or your skull, right? They're going to actually, you've seen how fence posts are put in literally, it's the same exact principle. And it's, it's called an abutment for something to connect to the, and it's, it could be threaded or bonded.

Uh, they put a false tooth on that post that goes into the, into the, uh, body. And I'm, I'm, I'm against those for several reasons, uh, depending on the tooth condition. Like for example, if, uh, if you have bone decay, right, where teeth go loose and break or fall out, uh, the, the posts usually don't take because it's too soft.

And you're actually creating, uh, an area that it's going to irritate the bone even more. I highly recommend temporary a flipper. Just if you talk to the dentist, say I want a flipper or temporary, I want to try it out and get yourself a Dremel with some, with some, um, burrs, diamond burrs and whittle it down.

Uh, get yourself some carbon paper and you bite on the carbon paper and guess what that does. It leaves a trace where you need to whittle it down right for the bite and, uh, just to look up. I don't know how many good YouTube videos are on doing sculpture or wood carving, actually carving with a, with a rotary tool and then polish it out.

And you've got yourself, um, a removable, whatever. I think the why in this now, maybe I'm wrong, but you know, check my thinking. The why in this, why you would suggest the partial as opposed to say, getting the implant is a little deeper because, yeah, as opposed to the implant, the partial or the denture is better.

That's what I was saying. Uh, but the thing is that it's not just about the fact that you lost your tooth. It is the condition.

Your gum didn't want to hold onto the tooth. I mean, it might not want to hold onto the unnatural posts. So you know, I'm just thinking logically, the bone, not the gum.

It would be the bone. Yeah. The bone.

But either way, yeah. The condition of your mouth. No, seriously.

Okay. Well, also look, when you have a tooth, when you have a tooth in the socket, whether it's the upper or lower, there's something called a PDL periodontal ligament. It's literally a shock absorber.

So the tooth, which is very hard, doesn't go into a hard substructure or structure like the bone. You have a periodontal ligaments called the PDL. Very often when a extraction is done, they don't address it.

And when the socket heals over, the periodontal ligaments in there, which sends a signal to the body that the tooth is still there, sends blood to the area, and you could have a problem later on. Yeah. Hilda Clark addresses that, and it's funny because when I tell people if they're getting an extraction, I ask if they're going to clean out the PDL and use like a number eight or number 10 burr to clean it out.

You know, it means, you know, you're going to clean it out really well, make sure it's all gone. And they're like, wow, I haven't, the dentist's typical remark is I haven't heard of that since I was in college. You know, how many extractions have you done in the past 20 years that go improperly, right? Right.

So, um, and, and I've been a victim of a sloppy, I've been a victim of a sloppy one or two of those because I don't know if I ever told you, but occasionally I get phantom pains where it's like the tooth is still there, it feels like it's still the bad tooth every once in a while. And I'm like, oh, that's exactly what you're talking about. PDL mostly, it's probably the PDL periodontal ligament and look it up.

It's very, and the other thing is when you have an extraction, we're almost all dentists don't tell you that the opposite tooth on the bite will start erupting, start growing into that gap. So let's say you have an extraction on the upper, uh, the lower tooth where that gap is, we'll start growing into it. So now instead of having an even, uh, bottom row right under where the gap is on the top, that tooth wants to fill in the gap and it just keeps growing up and growing up.

The tooth itself does not elongate, but you'll see it almost, you can almost see the roots sometimes. It just wants to reach and close that gap. Right.

So I tell people, I said, did you know, did the dentist tell you you have this thing called eruption and the tooth be prepared for that? Right. So, um, yeah, yeah. And I was like, no, I didn't say anything.

And I went back and he was surprised that I said it. So yeah, these, these guys are morons. The member, they have a, you really want to hear the joke.

It's the joke and the punchline. They are state certified, state licensed, right? That's all you got to say. Yeah.

So, uh, but it don't underestimate the importance of a dentist though, a dentist and a barber, right? And let's cut your own hair, but a barber is also a surgeon. I think that should come back, but, um, no, I'm not into the, uh, there's a big fad. The reason why they want to do, uh, implants is cause they're expensive.

Um, they're, they can justify, uh, the costs, right? So I play with a lot of, um, energy systems and the last thing I want is a metal post in my skull or jaw. Right. Right.

So use your own discretion. I'm not saying no, but you know, you want a metal post in there, you know, that it's actually threaded in there. Yeah.

Uh, depends. I, I, um, a good implants probably better than a bad temporary flipper denture, but a good denture is better than a bad post. And the chances that you're going to get a good post are slim.

So go for the denture is another way. Another like mathematical way to look at it, right? Another common sense. Another common sense element is it's a lot easier for you to take that out of your mouth and work on it yourself than it is if you got something that's kind of, you know, anchored in there.

So, you know, especially if they don't do it, right. Yeah. What are they going to do? They get one chance to do it, you know? Right.

And then you got to drill a hole and yeah, and then you got to deal with it. Yeah. And I've heard a lot of negative comments, uh, here, here's the quandary with it.

The best people in any sort of the ones that dropped out of school by the eighth grade are on, are on the FBI most wanted list, right? Most likely. And those people will not be state certified. You won't be able to get state certification if you qualify.

Right. So now you're going to have to put up with morons that finished school, paid for college about two, three times, right? They got jixed by the call. They got jerked by their own school, uh, because you know, the application for the school pays for the tuition by the way.

And uh, you actually have to go sign all this stuff to get state certification. You are, you gotta be like a normie that's off the rock off there, like a normie that fell out, fell off their bar stool to do that, whether, you know, to be a medical or a whatever. So you gotta balance that out.

I mean, put it this way. If you stayed in school enough to go to college and get a state degree, a state license, you're a freaking moron. You mean, or in other words, you don't read, you just, you're just, you're just, um, norm normally a very good person, right? It's just for society and you just go along your life doing what you're told to do on TV and, uh, peers who are morons in themselves.

So yeah, so that's, that's the quandaries part. So it's just, this is kind of like the relationship. Just find a dentist that doesn't, uh, you don't find to be, what did we say, uh, when you was something that someone can't change that you don't like repugnant to you, right? Or whatever.

Uh, yeah. Just find someone that's sort of agreeable and then train them. And if they're not trainable, then go find another one.

A dental school will probably be the best in big cities. I don't think small towns have dental schools, you know, cause if you're in a small town and you want it, you're probably going to have to go to a bigger college in a bigger city. Right.

So yeah, depending on, uh, I know that there's a lot of that stuff in the Midwest, like Kansas and all that, because you know, they were going to fortify in the early 20th century, they were going to fortify the middle of the country, uh, because basically FDR wanted to go to war with the entire world and he wanted to put most of the important infrastructure right smack in the center, like Kansas and all Oklahoma, you know, all that central area. So they, if you have a landing of army, they have to march a long way to get to the key infrastructure. But there was so much sabotage you don't hear about, you know, what is it? A million and a half Americans, 2 million Americans died during world war II here on the mainland, but due to sabotage and you, yeah, you don't hear about it.

I mean, 5,001 night, I mean, uh, yeah, fires, bombings, all that stuff. You don't hear any of that. They call it the great generation.

Yeah. My ass. So there was a good reason why I was just going to say, there's a very good logical reason why they went to lucky Luciano to protect the ports in New York, you know, uh, because they needed somebody who could actually get the job done and moving it to the middle of the country.

Also provided them with a little bit more, you know, of a buffer for air aerial attacks as well, as well as what you were talking about, the marches. Yeah. So they got a, they got a 5,000 miles in inland and believe it or not, it wouldn't be that hard to do anyway, based on the competency of the military anyway, well, but that's yet another issue.

Yeah. Okay. So how about this? Issues everywhere.

Exactly. Well, we'll move along for now. You know, there might be more dental questions later, but not today.

Okay. Uh, whatever happened to possible debate with DAC Hillman, uh, would like to hear about the Greeks opinion, uh, you know, uh, number one, geez, being a pederast. Okay.

Now look, there's that. And then there's a followup to this irrelevant, irrelevant on the overall challenge to the public perception of the overall subject. Once you start correcting it, right, it's kind of like nine 11, right? Mm.

Uh, the most, what most people think of nine 11 is, uh, 19 Arab hijackers vaporized the world trade center with box cutters. And it's funny people say that's ridiculous. So we'll tell me the official story if that's not ridiculous.

So the official, uh, yeah, uh, it's all presumed, but they're missing the salient points. They're missing the stuff. Uh, it wasn't even a debate.

I'm not challenging. I just want to bring forward, uh, here's the thing. Let's say there was a debate, me versus whatever.

I don't care about that. I'll grant them the wind, right? And so you can't do that. Right.

But anyway, I want to get to the audience. I want to see who in the audience will come out of their trance. The trance is when you accept all the normalcy, how things have been normalized, right? So, uh, I have nothing against Solomon or anyone, uh, regarding which, whatever way they go.

I do have a hard on for the, for the Vatican though. Okay. However you want to take that.

I was going to say, that's a bit of a multipurpose statement, but you know what's, look, what's, what's interesting to me here. And, and there was a followup about this debate question that I want to read to you as well, because it shows me that people just say there's no debate F sorry, after the archaics interview, someone reached out to me that we wanted to get Breshears, uh, Jason, uh, myself, Hillman and one other person. And he basically said, well, you're, you're honorable, you know, you've answered both of my emails.

And I'm like, your buddy, Jason, you know, he was ignoring him and I'm like, he's not my buddy and no one's my buddy, but yeah. Okay. You know, if I get an email answer, like I said, if I get a 10 page email, which I do sometimes, uh, I'll, I'll say, listen, uh, thank you for the email.

Uh, I'll have to come back to it and read it another time, you know, in a couple of weeks later. Right. So that's how I view everything.

Just, I always tell people, if you want to know what I'm thinking, just listen to what I'm saying. Right. So I don't mind the debate.

There's no challenge, but it's the audience that I'm, that, that I want to serve. Right. That's why I said, oh, great.

If he wants to debate me on one thing, fine. I'll grant you the win. Go ahead.

I'll make it. I'll fix it. So you win.

How's that? But I want your audience, other new people to hear what I have to say, because here's the thing. I think a lot of people fail to recognize when they use the word debate, they're looking for you to have a competition where there's a winner and a loser. That is not the entirety nor the primary reason for debating.

And another person responded, debating is only ever done by people of extremely poor character, cowardly halfwits seeking approval and dominance. Discussion is for adults. Debate is for freetards, fretards, fretards, anyways, yeah, he used an F at the beginning there.

It's more like a. Go ahead. No, I get you. I get you.

And whoever was that, the same person put that question. It also, their follow up comment. No, no, it was a different person responding to it.

OK, OK. I thought it was because that would be like answering your own question. But no, it's more of a potluck than a than a boxing match.

Right. Right. So what are you going to bring? And that's what I you know, I don't mind.

Here's the thing. I don't really find anyone that has opposing views because I really if you really listen to what I'm saying, I have no viewpoint. All I do is bringing forward stuff that you can say challenges the normal narrative on anything But that what kind of a challenge is it when you see that the normal narrative is based on nothing Right, and what I'm bringing forward is what you could look at based on you know What's what could be called that benchmark reference material memorialized data? I'll go back on and on so you know it's not you know I'm very that's why I'm very confident because I don't have to create anything. 

It's already been done all I'm doing is serving it right I'm like the butler or the waiter. I'm not in the kitchen right it seems like Hillman's in the kitchen again, but that's not right But see again people are like debate because I want to see a winner And it's again not the purpose and also not what you do you can't debate with people that refuse to even accept a premise That's another problem So you know and and if they're going to latch on to something that is completely false, and we know it's false How do you argue with somebody who goes look I've seen Santa Claus on TV I know he exists and therefore now prove me wrong. He's real What are you supposed to do with somebody like that? I wouldn't even I won't even say it's false though because It's based on nothing right so it could be true It could be false and most people presume that it's true if you have let's say a narrative or structure of a story With characters and events based on nothing right is it true or false? There's there's nothing to grab on to right, so it's even worse than being false But that's my point. 

I'm not accepting the premise see I don't know how to word these things as well as you do sometimes But I I get your point and but that's the thing it's there's no debate to be had and even if there was you're not asking For a debate you're asking for a competition to prove who's right and that's not up to us to do in this way So you know you present information, and you can take it or not It's just that simple yeah It's it's who in the who is listening regardless of what stance they feel that they're leaning towards or you know That wants to break out of the trance that they've been in their entire life right that's that's what I'm interested in it Does it matter exactly so subject matter is irrelevant and whoever it is is irrelevant there you go precisely all right So there's a follow-up to the cheese question which I think you requested in response to the question back from the Greek I am sensitive to eggs Though less so from my neighbors very fresh ones two of those go down fine See I have the same experience as this person by the way Just just to say so I'd love to hear this okay real quick, and I have avoided poultry No if the eggs say that they're not a rate here's this here's you're ready for this This is a drop in a big one here Okay, if you go to carton of eggs, and it says it doesn't say specifically that it hasn't been irradiated. It's been irradiated Even if they're organic free-range Chickens that never been fucked in the ass or all that stuff does it matter this well now We just broke now. We just breached the family hour now. 

We're not a family show anymore, but anyway It's it's pretty scary. It's pretty scary because you think you're going out and getting The best you know these are organic free-range vegetarian bed, but they're irradiated unless they say they're not irradiated just means a high dose of x-ray for whatever yeah, and That so that's why when you get the ones that are not irradiated Okay, think about it an egg is very young on the outside extremely in on the inside It's already balanced when you irradiate it. It's extremely mean. 

It's the most eating energy you can get It makes the young it makes everything it breaks up stuff on a very small level torques the molecule Right so instead of the molecule looking let's say like it should It almost looks it's bent in half Your body sees some of that energy or most of energy is foreign And it's going to have an opposite effect on you Then it should so or it might you know again it depends on If you're used to it or not you know I mean So but anyway to just I don't think I answered the question, but the the question here is the statement that whole food that hasn't been Transported and tainted is better than the ones right yeah, that's right Yeah, well and the other thing is toxic right point. Yeah, yeah Well, I was just gonna add here because he has more that he was answering to you about to give you more context And I be this sort of fits exactly with what you just said, but and I have avoided poultry for almost 30 years I find it disgusting especially if it slips into a dish I ordered Fish is delicious appreciate the response and the New York slice analogy It was in NYC and specifically pizza that I started having cheese issues in my 30s Around the time the average slice went above 250 Okay, so interesting to me because chicken has been one of those things that I'm just saying it's David It says it's chicken, but it doesn't say it's real chicken. Okay. 

You know kind of like you say it says it's history It doesn't say it's real history Okay, so They're bred to be for their meat. Yeah, right Not a real chicken all right if you get a real chicken, and you eat it that Might is a different experience from what they say is chicken. That's all I'm getting at I'm using your history Thing about poultry is it's extremely dependent on the feed just like a beef connoisseur, right? You know the Wagyu beef is because it gets fed chocolate and beer let's say massaged and premium Grass and whatever right that's what makes the Wagyu the Wagyu right and also they you know a breed of cow that they select and most of the cheap Beef is raised on garbage stock. 

Hopefully they won't give it protein that comes from cows, and then they do They finish it off. Maybe with grass or fatten it up But yeah, but poultry it birds are especially sensitive to their feed So yeah It's not gonna taste good when I get a chicken. I try to get an organic free-range ends up being around 20 bucks for a three-pounder or whatever and I Soak it in salt water and ginger for two hours three hours hour and a half depending on the How I want to how long I want to dry it for And I enjoy a roasted chicken. 

It ends up anyone who's seen photos of what I've done. It looks just like Chinatown, you know the ducks that are hanging in the window. Mm-hmm Yeah roasted that way so I can go I can do without it. 

I can do straight up veg. I Just have let's say moments of weakness But the food here has been tainted for more than 50 years if I see 70s, that's 50 years easily, right so Half a century so you're gonna have to be careful. Now. 

Here's one way to fix it if you can't get good food Guess what eat less? You're not gonna wither away and die. You'll get plenty of quote-unquote calories for though, you know Hopefully anybody here knows it's irrelevant, right? Because what do they say need at least 1,500 or 2,000 calories of what you know, so Yeah, so you just start eating less. So this is one thing that I suggest Overall to people is start eating less Also your food. 

Well, it's kind of hard when you have children and teenagers, especially right? But for yourself if you can manage that like for example If you go get a slice and you're with someone split it tell them to cut it in half again I know it might just tamp up your appetite You might be hungrier than you then you before you started eating it, but wait Eat very little wait 10 or 15 minutes and see what happens Right. So eat less if you have no choice I learned this from traveling when I was traveling with doing the mining and stuff It was just truck stops and I was like, no, no No, I wish these guys fill up on these microwave pizzas and burritos. I was like, no No, I'm just gonna get a tiny amount of food and see how well I do on it Yeah, I did lose a little bit of weight looked a little drawn after a month of that, but I wasn't Feeling crappy as crappy as it would have a fight more of it. 

So yeah food is an issue I've been anyone has been listening to Sonics from from how even 20 years ago when I was speaking to people I'm always bringing up food is an issue here in the US, you know in America It's crazy because we can supply the entire we could supply 5 billion people wherever there I don't think there's maybe a billion people not even But we could supply the entire planet with all their food and still have plenty left over by the way Yes, but unfortunately what is being supplied for the most part is is making people, you know fat so to speak But it's not feeding them. Well, so that's where we're at malnourished. They're malnourished and yet they're in the yeah It's the crisis gene. 

Yeah, it has nothing to do with sugar or corn, you know, it's funny listening to see Sometimes I'll clear the computer and it'll be on YouTube in the background autoplay and some guy some doctor Some idiot came on talking about it's the corn syrup, you know, I'm like, oh my gosh, you know Yeah, there's no single thing And the reason why the medical system is as bad as it is in the quote-unquote health care system is Because the elites that run the world or whatever you want to call them. They would rather you have none of it No health care. No doctors nothing like that But they know if they did if they did that and banned it That people would get together and they'd actually figure out really what's good for you to do it And now they're gonna have a problem, right? It'll be underground, right? So so what they do is they they put on the facade that you're getting care and you're getting knowledge and Whatever and food or whatever, but they're actually destroying you little by little so right you make them Oh, you make them a bad offer so they don't seek to discover something. 

That is good. That's all that is That's it. Well, no you give them a good offer Wait, where the substance and the actual material and the knowledge is bad Yeah, it's actually they're making good offers all the time, I'm sorry It would be like they market it as if it's a necessity and it's beneficial, right? Let's just say it that way instead of an offer. 

Yeah Yeah, and but people take it as an offer all marketing is an offer, right? Take it, you know, take this You'll get whiter teeth, right? That's an offer, right? Even though it's we call it marketing. So Although I did find it remarkable. Somebody brought up the old 80s commercial where the guy just literally puts a battery on his shoulder And that's like the whole ad Weird thing like the sub subliminal about that. 

Yeah. Yeah, you know, it was like go ahead knock that off It was a chip on my shoulder kind of thing, right? Yeah, I got bodybuilder type athletic guy, right? Something I think I remember that TV in the background Yeah, TV was all you had in the 80s and movies right and then the end of ECR, right? That's why it was worth it to still travel to the ridiculous movie theater because at least you got something different Anyways, or you thought you did Interestingly, that's when they started break. Yeah. 

Yeah dividing them up into plex Multiplexes. Yeah. Yeah, then the small theaters because they figured instead of having one big theater will make small for small ones We can run for movies. 

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Anyways, interesting interesting the connection between the Quran and the laws of Moses Correct me if I'm wrong, but the most prominent philosophers and scientists from the Persian Empire were actually Jewish, right? and also Jewish people really thrived in Spain while it was under the Arabs people like Ibn Ezra Ibn Ezra, sorry Mm-hmm. 

Yeah, so that was just a commentary No, that's fine. But the Persians are not Muslim no matter how you slice it They're still not Muslim the Muslim the Islam pushed on Persia is a CIA thing 100% 150% and I know this because I know Persians and Anyone who knows Persian or Persians or they're not Muslim now, they play it as if they are and of course, they're gonna transplant that Right and push it because they do have you know religious police in Iran, right? Yeah, there is a such a thing as religious police. It's so Yeah No, it's a horrible situation. 

The P the Persians have got it pretty bad But Islam remember was just trying to unify just like the Christianity was unified with Catholicism like it or not Don't believe for a second Protestantism and all that other stuff was to protest the Vatican. It was a charade It's it's all the same stuff Don't believe for a second was taken over co-opted and then kept you know to see who right? Don't don't believe any of that. There hasn't been any real Sorting out of anything over 500 years It's all these things were settled 500 years ago, except I feel bad for Iran Persians because they're not Muslim. 

Hmm. So so anyway, we got yet another Message about the immune system and it seems as though that is starting to you know, make sense Yeah, if it's a system within the body, where is it exactly located? That's so interesting. But hey, that's a huge business Just like cancer. 

Oh, yeah and take this or that supplement to boost your immune system Okay, we know about this and they're just saying you know what? This is great I'm glad you you kind of gave me this idea and it just makes perfect sense I wonder if you kept up with the news recently though because I got a question about that And I'll just link it to this and it'll be the last thing I ask you about tonight You know Tylenol I got mixed feelings about this whole, you know Tylenol is bad for pregnant women now and maybe that's what caused autism and I find that to be a very weird Circumstance because Tylenol is almost useless as a medication anyway, but yet it has been heavily marketed Yeah, but hold on pregnant women are bad for pregnant women what the hell they do and getting pregnant They're gonna have the next Messiah, you know, you know people this is the two most common things I get a message. My wife is pregnant. And at first, you know, what my first response is it wasn't me and the other response and the other response is You think you're having a child because you think you're gonna have the next Messiah in other words If you don't think you're making the next Messiah or world Savior, why bother what's wrong with you? right, so So most of the people being pregnant, they're just breeders, you know for more normies It's kind of like guppies You ever you know, you know, this is a guppies and rabbits, right? you don't believe it or not cats never made it to that category, but Cat can can in like three years three or four years Hundred cats if you look at you know, not many lips Sorry, you're getting a little bit of electronic disturbance there. 

It sounds like you're walking between zones Yeah, okay so cats, I'm sorry Your cat point was Good. Oh The cat yeah, well they guppies and cats guppies and rabbits are known for being big breeders But cats are also are very big breeders And they never made the list Anyway aside from the breeding thing in the Tylenol 80s I remember they tainted the Tylenol and some people died right because they wanted to promote the safety seal thing Yeah, and one of the jokes back then was when someone pissed you off you told him go take a Tylenol Yeah, no twice that's basically tell them to go kill themselves, right yeah there was two it was almost like the anthrax scares There was like two of those Two waves of it and the funny thing is if you think about it people go Oh, they always solve the crimes and those crimes as yet still remain pretty much unsolved You know, I find that fascinating because it's like was it done at the factory. Did somebody do it at the store? Maybe somebody tainted it, you know personally and it's a mess anyway Yeah, I usually write it, you know, it was the s e e hyphen e y e a y e E-y-e and a y-e CIA, right? I mean their whole thing is to terrorize, you know, or You gotta understand. 

I Think the the CIA is more of a European ex-nazi Influence and for sure the FBI is created by the Jewish Mafia. That's goes on undoubtedly, you know Intuitively, right So so between those two organizations Another organization that's like that is the poverty for media is the Poverty Law Center. What's it called? Oh, it's the southern if you're anti-semitism Right, yeah, that's like a spinoff of intelligence agencies and then you have the then you have the main media ones Put it this way Zuckerberg Organization and Musk's organization can pull off operations like Traditionally that were left for the FBI and the CIA right and they would never get their finger pointed at them now They would have to be more Anyway more implicated and they're not so But anyway, we got away. 

So Tylenol is it it's acetomyophen ibuprofen mix, isn't it? No, it's just the acetaminophen basically Which Trump had trouble pronouncing but I found it funny because it was like really the only thing I've ever found Tylenol useful for is to Reduce a fever a little bit but outside of that. It's not very useful I mean, it's not even the best over-the-counter, you know analgesic type, you know pain reducer. It's garbage Yeah, so yeah garden variety ibuprofen. 

Sometimes I take them by the fistful believe it or not and they work You know, yeah, but that's a different yeah ibuprofen is different but the thing is Acetaminophen is sort of like an additive that they continue to sell because take a look at your Percocet They're loaded with acetaminophen, you know compulsory everybody's everybody's, you know Percocet prescription came with acetaminophen and nobody asked you you know what I'm saying? It's just one of those things and there's a bunch of stuff out there that has acetaminophen mixed in it And it's just an ingredient that they turned into a marketable, you know capsule or whatever. So that's all I see So now they're throwing Tylenol into the dumpster fire, you know, meaning what a dumpster fire the term is used for Yeah, this is RFK jr You know being in charge of the you know, the Health Department and all that So but that's their latest announcement is that it causes autism. I'm just telling you Yeah No, no, no, no, it's irrelevant. 

It's irrelevant. It's the Yeah There's such a thing called medical Darwinism if you're dumb enough to believe their treatments and go for it. You shouldn't be Here or you should you shouldn't you shouldn't be procreating, you know the whole concept of the Darwin Awards and Survival of the fittest if you do anything that they suggest you you're you're going down as not To having progeny or procreating or yeah, it's a test I think they're all laughing their asses off behind the scenes. 

Like I said, they've got a It's just a dumpster fire. But here's the thing if you know, like the stuff we're talking about, you know it So many people don't know it and create such a hoop to do about it that you can get don't get caught in their wake I mean try to live the best life you can Right do the best but sometimes when the entire majority like with the mask stuff, right you get caught in the wake it's like they create this vacuum and it could suck you in and you don't want to be like, you know, Fighting to get out of that vacuum being sucked in. So you have to be very very how would you say? Much on the on the sidelines as much as possible without looking like you're on the sidelines when they're looking for people on the sidelines Right, so right and the other thing to keep in mind is some a friend of mine always used to say I always wanted to Run this by you. 

I might have done it in the past But he said that you know what there'd be a lot less idiots around if it wasn't for the invention of you know velcro Attached shoes and bicycle helmets. We might live in a world of less idiots and He used to tell me that all the time. What do you think? No, I don't think that has much to do with it Not at all, I know how to fix I've discussed already how to fix it here It's not my job to do it. 

If I was given the job is it's kind of like was it? the poppy bush About when they asked him if he was gonna run for president. He says you have to be really dumb to do that job and in if Want to want to do that job and even dumber to do it something like that But no they were it's pretty easy to fix any society, it's brutal It's going to be brutal And when you get that brutal you don't want to hire psychopaths