Rated Y, Sonic Event 196, how you doing, Greek? How I'm doing, let's do it. You got some questions? Yeah, let's do it. Okay, so I got things from the chat.

I got stuff from the Patreon, so we'll hit it all as quick and as best as we can. So, Greek, when you mentioned the inner voice change-up, can screw up, is being double, does the confusion go beyond God to life partner? Okay, you know what they're asking you? I didn't get that one. Yeah, they're kind of asking, okay, they're trying to confuse you, but are they trying to influence the things around you, like your partner, other people in your life? Yeah, I'll stop right there without getting into more stuff that I've gotten into.

So I posted two videos in the, it's Ocelli and the Greek Chitango, right? Yeah, it's Ocelli and the Greek Rated Y. OcelliandtheGreekChitango.com. Yeah. Dot Chitango dot com. Website, I mean, a YouTube channel, everybody should check out.

It's simple, it's called Lookout for Charlie, and it's Lookout F.A., and then Charlie. And he's been recording, he's an audio guy. Okay.

And he's been looking at, you know, ambient noise, you know, when you record it. And he gets in there and he filters out the common denominator, and there's voices. There's always voices in the background, and he has a spin on it and all that.

And what the thing that makes it so profound, what he's doing, is that they react to you. So in other words, if you're hammering or there's a dog barking, those voices get slightly larger. They adjust, and they're aimed at individuals.

And they're not, quote unquote, like the typical used word, nice. They're usually very negative. And these things exist, and he's been finding them in old movies.

It's not a new thing, like with harp and all that, even though he does bring that up. Right. It's part of the artificial intelligence, the A.I. that runs everything here doing that.

So the voices in your head, okay, that I talk about are different, but are they really? How many times have you heard me say, you don't see with your eyes, you see with your brain. You don't hear with your ears, you hear with your brain. You don't taste with your tongue, you taste with your brain.

So everything, these are sensors, and sensors are, what good are sensors without a controller? So in essence, we're talking about the same thing. He believes that they're 100% man-made, which I believe they are too, because if you heard me say, the gods are men, which is the, and the more, okay, the more, let's just say radical whistleblowers tell you that they meet these beings that call themselves gods, and they're just people with tech. Right.

How many times have I been saying that for? I've been saying that for decades. Yeah, and I actually heard that a long time ago from some very strange old man that seemed oddly legit, even though they kind of sounded crazy, even back then. Oh, that's a good person to listen to.

That's usually the guy, you should listen, because one way or another, even if they are crazy, you're going to learn something. Well, they're crazy based on what? Well, but that's the thing. Right now, I'm at the point where I see pretty much everyone around me as being crazy.

Well, right, but that's my point, is that throw that away, and try and learn from what you're observing, is all I'm saying. It's kind of like, you know, what is it, walk silently and carry a big stick? I walk silently now and carry a yardstick. I just measure everything around me, and nothing, everything's falling short.

So what you do is you lower your expectations. There was a thing on, was it Mad TV? Lower expectations. Lower expectations.

And then you realize that, hey, fuck it, you know, can I use that medical term? Sure, I've used it a lot. Yeah, and you just got to say, hey, when is this all going to end, you know? Usually, if I walk into a movie, and it's not a good movie, I walk out and just walk around the neighborhood or whatever, till, you know, whoever I went with finishes watching that piece of shit, and a movie or whatever, crap. But you can't really walk out of this movie too easy, can you? Well, I mean, see, now there's a thing.

You could, because psychologically you can kind of tune out and go into another direction. Oh, yeah, what do they call it? Catatonia. I've tried that.

20 years ago, 30 years ago, I think I sat in a room still for about 8 hours, and that was about it. I don't need to do that again. Okay, fair enough. 

But I mean, there are ways where you can sort of adjust and go into, you know, some people say that there's tech stuff when they go into virtual reality or they're playing games or whatever. That's their escape, right? Yeah, that's people watching these piece of shit movies. Yeah. 

Okay. I can't do that. So anyway, I don't want to get into subjectiveness.

You know what I say about that, right? You've got to talk about things that help others in a general sense or generally specific. Like, for example, we'll get off the voices because I didn't get any comments on Lookout for Charlie. I almost thought he's got a little bit of a Jersey twinge to his voice, but it turns out he's not Jersey. 

He's not too far. Baltimore, I think. I'm going to say Baltimore. 

Baltimore, I mean, you know, is a half-hour drive depending on where you go. To Baltimore? From where? Yeah, from Jersey. No, no, that's not a half-hour. 

That's Maryland. Oh, no, I'm sorry. That's a ways away.

Yeah, I'm sorry. What I was thinking, no, it's an hour and a half if you're hitting the gas. You're thinking of Delaware from the tip of Jersey.

Yeah, that's right. Don't worry about it. Look.

No, okay. My geography is messed up today. I've been building sunshades all day outside.

Well, let me just, let me tail on to this voice thing real fast, though, because I have a question for you because I used to hear things and I used to record a lot. I just made many, many tapes of many, many things. I used to record interviews. 

I recorded sound outside. I used to just enjoy hearing sound and splitting things up and actually kind of like analyzing it in my own brain, right? And I used to do this with the magnetic cassettes and later on. Oh, but hold on.

What he's getting into is none of it is subject, all of it is controlled, and it's aimed at the listener. It's very interesting. Now, it's very hard to find a quiet spot.

Also, you'll find these voices everywhere. And what I'm saying, though, they're not just in your head, like I've been saying. He's saying is that they're in the ambient field and it's okay.

Well, that's what I was getting at here. That's what I was trying to get at is that they're actually in a lot of different fields because I discovered extra things in broadcast and people said, oh, no, that's just channels bleeding over. And I'm like, no, that's not possible because when you go from one frequency to the other and the voice remains the same, that to me indicates it's all along that type of frequency.

In this case, if you can get semantics out of the voice, you can actually hear what they're saying and it's relevant to the subject matter that the observers, let's say, or whoever's in the environment is pertaining to them. It's very kind of spooky, but it's not a surprise. If you've been listening to what we've been talking about, especially since the old ONG, you shouldn't be surprised.

But I see what he did is he's able to record what the artificial intelligence that runs this place is doing. And I think it's fascinating. And I think the more you know about it, the more you can, if you're intelligent enough, is to, how would you say, defend yourself, right? Okay, but what I used to pick up, though, personally, was gibberish.

And I know that people have found other bits of gibberish where they pick out a phrase. Like, you know how people find stuff in the backgrounds of Disney movies and they go, did you hear that? Well, that's more effective. That's why TV commercials turned into gibberish, because they found that if they played gibberish, it's more memorable subconsciously.

Well, there's no subconscious, but it's the part that it gets past the filter, which is your senses, right? You know, this is an entire sonic, if you want to delve on how the senses work. Fooling the senses is the opposite of what people think. Like, if you've got to fool the eye, you've got to be really fast.

No, you don't, because you're not fooling the eye. You're fooling the brain, right? So the brain has to follow a logic train. I'm saying that, and I'm biting my tongue, because if you didn't met anyone recently who could follow any kind of train of logic.

Anyway. Well, no, not logic, but the brain looks for patterns. Forget about logic.

Yeah, exactly. It just looks for patterns. Well, it's going back into the previous files, right? Right.

So, like, if you tell someone, you know what a house is, and right away they're going to think of the stick drawings they did when they were in kindergarten of a house all the way to the house they live in. Pretty much, yeah. And if you think, you know, and they're stuck in that.

And the brain likes to conserve energy, so it reduces it to the simplest thing of a house, a car, or a voice, even when you say a voice. Right? There's a psychology to it. Years ago, in the 90s up until the early 2000s, they found that if they, in public spaces, made an announcement, they had someone with, in America, with a British accent, because Americans were always enthralled with someone with a British accent.

They would always stop and listen. Oh, you and I talked about this many times. I told you, PBS was loaded with it because it was meant to be the go-to for you to educate yourself, and an educated voice had a British accent.

Yeah, sound more refined. Right, exactly. And, yeah, so the whole thing is you reduce the mind.

You find out, and this is what you call, what are they called? Trends. It changes. It changes, right? Like, years ago, for example, you know, I met an old person, I'll show you how trends work, and because we lose certain trends, we lose certain trains of thought.

When I was growing up, maybe I was in grade school, and the Kennedy assassination came up. We're talking about 1974. And there was an old guy around.

He says, yeah, they killed Kennedy because he was the first president not to wear a hat. Right? Because whenever you left your house and you were a man or a male, you wore a hat. You didn't leave without your head covered, right? And to see someone on the podium without a hat in public, you put the haberdashers out of business.

By the way, if you don't know what a haberdasher is, someone who works with hats. And they got together and they paid the mob to kill him. And this is what I was told when I was, like, eight years old, 10 years old or something like that.

And that stuck in the back of my head when I hear everybody talking about the Kennedy assassination. They say, yeah, they killed him because he was the first president not to wear hats. Everyone looks at me like, what the hell does that have to do with anything? And I don't sit there and explain it like I just did, right? So if you lose the idea of what these trends were like, you could make a statement that sounds utterly ridiculous like that, right? If I didn't explain it, it would probably sound utterly ridiculous today.

Even to older people, you have to give an explanation. So what happens is we tend to fall into things that are pieces of information that are missing that sound ridiculous. Like, how many times have you been told the America's the richest country in the world? And you go to someone and say, you know, the U.S. has been bankrupt.

They're like, I get out of here. We're the richest country in the world. What are you talking about? Right, right.

Yeah. So it's all backwards. So not only are they confused with misinformation, they're taking partial under-informed, misinformed stuff and forming it as their basis.

And then you have trends thrown in. Okay, so what I'm trying to say is they have nothing to lean on, the average human, unless you go to an old culture, right? I mean, like a place in the Pacific Rim Islands where they haven't been affected in 500 years, right? Maybe 300 years or whatever, right? Places like that, those people have a much more firmer grip on reality, believe it or not, right? Like people, they're calling them Bush people, believe it or not. They have a much firmer grip on reality.

Yeah, so anyway, I would be curious to see with – because I did a whole bunch of mental outlines. If you do check out Lookout for Charlie, that's Lookout, F.A., and then Charlie on YouTube, I would like to ask him to go in a primitive – why would we call them primitive? Oh my gosh, I got to slap myself for that. A basic society that hasn't been affected by Westernism, that hasn't changed in old Bush people, and see what they're being told.

Because I think it's subjective based on your culture. But anyway, and also it's based on the individual. Like one of the questions – go ahead.

Well, I was going to bridge this with something really odd that somebody sent me and wanted to ask you a question about it, because they found this article, Evidence of Ancient Ritual – this is the headline from the article – Evidence of an Ancient Ritual to, quote, kill, end quote, the dead and destroy their tombs in a final feast 4,000 years ago found in Crete. Now, the question – Well, if we know anything more than 200 years of suspect, right, how accurate it is, what's the source of that term? Do they find that inscribed on something in linear A or linear B, because that's the language they used, or what? Well, they did a whole thing on the island of Crete, an excavation, and they found a graveyard where they did weird things with tombs and this and that. And therefore, the person wants to know, you know, what is the lawful burial ritual anyway? Because it's a little confusing based on what they see in the text.

And they were reading this article saying, you know, look, the Greeks had all kinds of odd things going on at different time periods, and pointing to this article as part of the evidence. Of course, this is archaeologists and anthropologists interpreting what they found when they dig things up. Yeah, and they're not going to tell us – you know, there's over 1,000 archaeological digs all over the world going on, and they're voracious.

I mean, they're really going after it. But they don't report anything, because everything they're finding always leads to some kind of human sacrifice, some really grim, macabre shit. So why would they keep putting that, right, in there, right? Well, this is a weird thing about destroying the tombs afterwards.

Like, you leave the tombs of people there for a little while. But they were wondering if there is a lawful practice that's simple about this. It's lawful as to do with your deity.

So if you're an atheist, you go by the laws of the state, right? Of course. So, you know, like red meat's bad for you this decade, next decade. Sugar's bad for you the next decade.

So right now, here's your three options. Cremate, bury, or now they have composting, and you have to do that with the body as the people that are left behind. You've got to, you know, finish up their business, so to speak, with that.

Well, also, it's in every culture. Every culture, hidden, is a powerful person is usually – they eat some of his flesh to get his power, right, because the flesh carries the spirit and all that. This isn't found in every culture.

I mean, but, you know, it's not publicly known. But, no, look, I think burial would be the way to go because people say, what about cremation? Well, you burn garbage, I said, right? What do you think of cremation, great guy? You burn garbage, right? So, I mean, then you could take that several ways. You know, is cremation dishonoring or whatever? I think it matters to a certain degree.

I think the transition – I've gone into it not too much. Maybe I should in the future. What happens when you die without – how can you talk about something that you haven't experienced, right? It's all supposition, right? Right.

Hypothesis. Hypothesis. But you can imagine, you know, it's a form of drowning, but you're drowning in gas, you know, air, instead of drowning – like, suddenly, imagine a fish is drowning in water where he was just fine the rest of his life.

So, it's no different than suffocating, right, without the pressure. You know, that's why you always wish a painless death on whoever. What do they usually say in the film? He didn't feel any pain.

He went peacefully. Yeah, he went peacefully, yeah. Because typically people are kicking and screaming when it hurts, right? Typically.

Not always. So, yeah, I don't know, man. It's a tricky thing.

But, yeah, very rarely do I get something I'd recommend, other than a rated Y, is look out for Charlie. Did I bring him up? Yeah. Look out for F.A. Charlie.

Check out his work, because he's one of these evidentially based guys. You know, so he'll go over an audio and say, well, if you think this is just whatever, check this out, right? If you think it's just a fluke or whatever, it's too consistent. It's in the background.

He leans a little too heavily on it being current man-made technology, but he's finding the stuff from 50 years ago, 30 years ago in recordings. Not all recordings. It seems to be wiped out when they do digital stuff.

You have to have a good analog recording or something that's not online. It's filtered out. But anyway, you got any other questions? Yeah, let's see.

You seem to hint that you'd be accountable in the afterlife, but you also say that you were left on this planet as a shipping error. Yeah, absolutely. So why would you be held accountable for not assisting space heaters, in quotes? Those of us among the space heaters, if he's being here, was a mistake anyway, or was it all just a story slash joke? I did not understand.

Thanks. It goes any way you want to take it. Okay.

You know how the mobsters, okay, when they sit around and they're drinking, they start insulting each other. They say, no, no, I was just joking. I was just joking.

And they try to take it to a limit. Right. Where then the guy says, okay, now you're not joking.

You say, all right, now I'm going to kick your ass. And with all due respect. Yeah.

I was just joking. That's too many jokes, man, in a row. Now you're starting to say what you really mean, right? So I don't know.

I don't know. Okay, here's the thing. Someone calls me up, and he says he has a model car or whatever, and it's making this noise, and this is what happens when I drive.

And I can tell him what's wrong with it over the phone. And about 75 to 90% of the time, I'm correct, right? This is what you need. A mechanic says, no, no, no, it's a $20 part.

It's not $900. Right. You could probably do it yourself in 15 minutes.

I always like to be – I tell people that are afraid of working on cars, if you can change a light bulb, you could pretty much do most of the stuff you need to do to fix a car. And I can attest to that because, actually, I'm somebody who doesn't do much at all, and you got me to replace the starter. You know, in a car.

If you can change a light bulb, you can work on your car. Right. And it was pretty simple, and it did not take you that long.

It did not take me that long. But, you know, other things happened that made it irretrievable. So what I'm saying, the same thing applies here.

What I'm doing is I'm not there. I mean, I wasn't there when they made the decree or whatever. Maybe, you know, I doubt it's completely random.

But, you know, even random machines are not random. But, you know, randomness is one of the hardest things for them to figure out because the more they look at it, the more they see a sense of order. So scrap that word.

But for whatever reason, for me, analyzing the situation over the phone, what I'm doing here, what I've done and what I could be doing and all these other possibilities is what I've come up with. I'm not supposed to be here. Right, because there's a lot of people that come here, are sent here to either have a good time, be wealthy, which doesn't necessarily mean you have a good time, or to suffer pain and agony and distress.

I just simply don't care. I just see it all as being so worthless. And then, of course, you take in these things of natural beauty, right? Because, you know, you look at a bed of flowers that came up naturally.

Wildflowers are so beautiful, a sunset, whatever, whatever. Whatever you enjoy in nature. It's only a short time that you can enjoy that because you say, OK, screw this city life.

I'm going to go live in nature. Whoever I've recommended to, I said don't because you're going to find out everything in nature wants to kill you, no matter what part of nature you go. Jungle, desert, temperate, everything there wants to kill you.

So what I'm trying to say is a temporary overbrush and then take in the beautiful wonder of nature. Yeah, just temporary because once you get into it, you're going to see it's actually against you also. So everything seems to be that way with a sense of worthlessness attached to it.

So then there's just taking up time. It's like, OK, all right, what's next? And, oh, yeah, that's so predictable or that is so whatever. So you just take each breath, each step, each whatever.

But what I see going on, just like when someone calls me and they want to know what's wrong with their car, I've done it with myself. You know, remote, try to be as remote as possible. And I'm like, oh, I must have been sent here on a shipping error because none of this shit is.

And just put it this way. I have such a unique perspective on just pretty much everything that it doesn't jive with, like we said, anything here. And I won't say it unless I could dig it up and say, hey, check this out, man.

You know, look at it. You figure you've been sent to the wrong neighborhood. I think I've been sent to the wrong time.

I think I've been sent to the wrong address, but in the right neighborhood. So that's why I'm half miserable half the time. Anyways.

Oh, OK. All right. Well, it's the second half that counts usually.

Usually. All right. Anyways, here's one.

They were asking. Basically, it's a long thing. But, you know, like you have a day where all of the electronics seem to be working against you.

They're either breaking or malfunctioning or giving you trouble and all this kind of thing. And everybody mentions to this guy Mercury retrograde. And he goes, oh, come on.

So he wonders, you know, is it spiritual, electrical, a matrix glitch? And, oh, by the way, what are your thoughts on what some call Western astrology? I know it's all airy-fairy, but is it just a version of something that might have been valid information in its original form? Yeah, but if they make it believe. What's that thing when enough people believe it and manifests? Egregores or what do they call them? Yeah, I think it's an egregore. If enough people, like the stick man.

I don't know if it's a fictional character and people start seeing it, right? Oh, yeah, yeah. What do you call it? Slenderman. Slenderman, yeah.

So enough people believe it, it works. But, look, I've seen, I've witnessed this where they blame it on Mercury, and then when Mercury's out, they blame it on Pluto. So which one is it? Just say it's all the planets affecting everything all the time.

And shut up, right, is what I tell the astrologers. But they have been quite accurate. I've had a reading by Santos Bonacci, believe it or not, a long time ago, with a minimum amount of information.

He wanted the birth date, full name, and all that. And it was really accurate. I mean, in terms of, like, conditions, things that attend to, whatever, without telling him.

So, yeah, whatever. Santos has some interesting insights, but I'll tell you something. Once he started getting into the urine drinking thing, I was out of there.

Drinking, yeah. Well, he's a little too excited. You know when people are excited about getting new information? Right.

It's good, but don't be. If you're too excited, it's going to show, and you're going to overstep. Right.

You're going to overcompensate for it. Because when you find out it's not what you were so excited about, how do you remedy that now, right? Oh, I'm not into that anymore. No.

But Santos Bonacci was one of the few. He was on American Freedom Radio. You know the history of American Freedom Radio.

And I used to call in, and he had me as a guest, and people were like, oh, I've never heard this stuff before. So that was why I got vocal. But anyway.

I was part of that history, too, and Santos, I had a little thing with him, too. You were on another thing. You were doing something else, I think, and then you came back in when Vinny Eastwood went, I don't know.

And Danny was a good proponent. He said you and I would make a good match, which is kind of true for all this. It's long-lasting.

It has worked out sonically. Sonically, yeah. Right.

But to go back to the rest of the question, there was a second part. The other part was more interesting, other than the astrology. What was it? Oh, about all the electronics kind of turning against you all at once.

It seems like a thing that happens every now and then. So what do you think that is? Because everybody tells them Mercury retrograde, which led to this. Take it as what Archaic Brashear talks about as a pattern break.

And welcome it. For example, when I was building my first prototypes, when I say prototype, like a thing you can go and present and demonstrate, you know, a loudspeaker. Every day something was breaking that's totally abnormal.

Like I did laundry one day, and I take the laundry out of the washing machine. There's a puddle of water under the washing machine. Oh, my gosh.

You can't just say, I'll fix that later, right? Things would break. Life fixture would break. I mean, it's been there for 20 years.

It finally decides to break the next day. The car doesn't start. I'm at a parking lot.

The car doesn't start, right? I just decided, you know, and then I get out and I hit the starter. It wasn't the starter at all. I had a little bit of an oil leak, and the oil leak went on the starter solenoid and prevented a contact.

So I cleaned that, took care of the oil leak. And every day, just about every day, it was something unusual. Something else, yeah.

Okay. It's like imagine as unusual as this. You just bought a brand-new pair of shoes, and a week later they're totally worn out.

You're like, how could that be possible? Right. These things last for years, you know? Right. So, you know, good shoes.

And things like that, very, very strange stuff. So, yeah, I'd lift my arm, shake my fist at the sky and at the ground, and yell out a bunch of medical terms, and then go back to what I was doing. But when I went back to what I was doing, I was refreshed, and I was actually making even more improvements that I had not thought of before.

So this is the, all right, what did I just say? You could have been replaced when you got lemons. You're right. Got you.

Yeah, you killed the bastard who sent you all the lemons. No, I mean, you make lemons. Yeah, right.

I got you. I got you. Yeah.

So take it as a positive break. I got you. By the way, someone asked me also about Assyria.

This is very interesting. Let's go back to archaics. There's a lot of palindromes, like Abraham was born in 1947 BC, and Israel was founded in 1947 AD, right? So these palindromes between BC and AD.

The other day I put in what happened in the year 2025 BC, and guess what came up? Assyria reformed. Oh, okay. Yeah.

So I've been saying for a long time that Assyria will start to form, if not be formed, by 2025 or around 2025. So I just found that to be like a punch in the eye, maybe? Better than a punch in the nuts. A punch in the nuts is the worst thing for a guy.

Vagina, you could punch a vagina. I could take it. But for a woman, it would be a punch in the breast or a punch in the nuts for a guy.

It wasn't that bad. Listen, a punch in the nuts can ruin your day, okay? A punch in the eye, you can get over it. It'll ruin their day.

Yeah. But yeah, because you don't want them attached to your body when they're feeling that way, right? Exactly. Remember the song, Detachable Penis? Do you remember that? King Missile, yes.

Yeah, yeah. I was walking down Avenue A, I was missing, and I saw it on the sidewalk. Because you have to know East Village at the time.

There's a guy shoving it on a blanket, and I talked him down. Yeah, I used to buy lipos. I mean, because I need some lipos.

My favorite part is you talked him down like $3 in the discussion. Yeah. Yeah.

This is what? It was like 1980s you're talking about? Something like that, yeah. Oh, okay. My gosh, that was 40 years ago.

All right. But the Subway bulbs, that's from the Subway. Don't buy it, because they're left-hand threaded.

They used to steal them from the Subway. When you take lipos out of the Subway, they're left-hand threaded. They won't thread onto your fixtures, which are right-hand threaded.

So I was like, oh, the bulbs don't fit. I said, let me check it out. I know I've been working with mechanics my whole life, and I look at the thread.

He doesn't hold it up in front of you. It's pointing to the left. It's a left-hand thread.

Right. And that's left-hand thread, because they're stolen from the Subway. And you won't be able to buy a left-hand socket.

Anyway, that's from detachable penis. But anyway, back to the Assyria, 2025 BC. Right.

It was like a punch in the eye. I was like, ooh. See, the more information you get, like by listening to archaics and Jason Brashear's getting a different perspective and all this.

And even like Santos Bonacci, he's big into astrology. It can be accurate for you, but it seems to work more accurately for individuals than for a collective, like the electronics going bad for Mercury. So there are certain things that you have to learn to apply that works for you.

And I hate to say it that way, because I like to talk about things that work across the board as well for people. Like, for example, the most exciting thing that's happened to me in the past six months other than the audio and stuff with the water, is finding out that getting rid of BO in your laundry, fresh clean laundry, it still has BO when you put it in the dryer, is by changing your soap. Right.

That works. I just found a bunch of clothes that I always put away, you know, washed and all that. And they had like a BO on them, and I washed them in a new soap that I got, and the BO went away.

I just gave that advice to somebody last week, because we talked about this about a week and a half ago or something. Yeah. And I gave that advice, and yeah, it worked.

Yeah, it does. Because I found that. Now, if you go with regular science, they tell you it's bacteria and all that causes that smell.

Okay, it's fine. But where does the bacteria come from? Oh, it comes from, you know, whatever fecal matter on the dirt. No.

What I'm trying to say is the bacteria that they see that supposedly gets blamed for it is because they blame bacteria and viruses for everything. Well, the whole theme to this is the breaking patterns. It's an emergent.

It's an emergent. Just like, you know, you want to freak people out. Don't do this with someone who likes tripping on acid.

Show them microscopic scans of the skin, and you see the mites, and this looks like something out of sci-fi monsters living on your skin, right? Or even just the things on your eyebrows. It's even worse. Yeah.

And you know, the more you wash, the more they grow back, right? Right. And they're not in the air. They're not in the ground.

They're only found on human skin. Only. So how can they say it comes from somewhere else? That's what they're... They do not... These idiots, these academic idiots... By the way, if I said they're all idiots with little exception, like the medical, the legal, the academics, it's true with little exception.

And this is... And I've brought this up many times because some people just stop and think academics, doctors, and lawyers are idiots. Yes, they are. All of them, with the exception of... I've always gone over the exception.

The exception is very important. You have someone that wants to be an academic, heaven forbid. It means you're not paying attention.

A lawyer, a doctor. And they get all the studies. They get all the qualifications and criteria.

They go into the field and they realize, what the F is this? This has nothing to do with... And now they're stuck. Now they're stuck. They're like, oh my gosh, I dedicated 10 years to this.

I found out... What do I do now? What do I do now? I got no skills. What do I do? Those people usually transition out of it within two weeks to six months, sometimes two years. I knew... I've heard of someone that took them two years to transition out of that kind of field, right? Okay.

Those are the exceptions. But the ones that stay in there, eh, idiots. And then there are the ones that stay in there and they're very low key.

And they're not happy. They're not happy at all. And they go both ways.

They're serving two masters, right? So it's a very... Humans are in a very, very, very, very bad spot when it comes to looking up... Who are you going to look up to? Who are you going to go to? It's exhausting serving two masters anyway. Look, I got two more things to get to. Yeah, go ahead.

So I want to get to them. And you want to go with the timekeeping question? Yeah, sure. Is that the one in the Chitango? Yeah, because... I could skip that.

That's just like how to do two sacrifices in one day. That has to be looked at carefully because one of them might be at noon and the other one is at twilight, which would be dawn and sundown, and that would make it the same day. So that's done.

I have to go look at it again in the language of preservation. We don't want to say Hebrew. We don't want to even think of Jewish now, do we? Oh, my gosh.

99% of the people that hear my songs think I'm Jewish, by the way. Well, because you mention the Old Testament a lot in there. Yeah, yeah.

So, I mean, this shows you how much they know. But anyway. Anyway, so last thing then.

Your view on Bitcoin. Do you have a view on this? What do you think of it? Is it a pyramid scheme, a CIA creation, pump and dump? It's all 1,000% because it's anything that makes it. What is it? A kilo of cocaine is less than $3,000, $4,000, and it sells for $10,000, $20,000, whatever.

Right. Anything that has that kind of markup is an intelligence operation. Is it lawful money? No.

If it's not gold and silver, it's not lawful money. Lawful money is something that's based on lawful substance, and there's no substance to it. Right.

I think it's a joke. Now, when someone said buy this stuff called Bitcoin, it's $2.50. It was in 2008, 2009 when it first came out. If I bought it, would I be happy I did? Yeah, sure.

So, like I said. If you held it to today. Look, I got offered it at $80, and I'll tell you something.

I feel foolish sometimes, but then I say to myself, I would have sold it by now. I mean, definitely. Yeah, that's the idea.

You hold it for years. You say, I'm going to hold it five years and sell it or whatever. But, yeah, the whole thing is you want to get caught up with these morons.

You know what I like, by the way, the luxury? I'm researching the luxury industry for the Scalarator, and with all the tariff nonsense, the Chinese videos coming out. You know those $38,000 handbags we make them here? If you want to buy it from us, it's $1,400, the same one, right? Right. So, at least that came out because I think it went viral for a little while.

And then what's funny is I watch YouTube on the big screen TV while I'm eating because I'll put on food stuff. Nothing better to put on food stuff while you're eating, let's say, right? Okay. And there'll be an ad for Hermes.

So, now Hermes and Gucci are doing ads to counter it. That's like if you told an eight-year-old to go become CEO of these companies, that's what they would do, right? So, anyway. Of course.

All right. What else? Yeah, is that all? Yeah, that's pretty much it. I mean, I just got one basic question.

I mean, you seem really energetic today. Has it been a good day, a pattern break day? What has your day been like? I got what I needed to get done, to get out of the way so I can do other things tomorrow. So, I feel good.

I feel like the day was fairly complete. It's sundown here, what they call Saturday, some, what is it, the 22nd, 3rd, 4th, something like that. 20, what, 25th maybe? Yeah, it's the second week of the second month.

Yeah, 26th, 26th technically, yeah. Okay, yeah. All right.

It's fine.