Hey, Rated Y, Sonic Event 202, Greek, how are you? Yeah, it works either way. I'm doing okay. We were just trying to figure out, you know, I'm trying to get the Jitsi to work on a phone when the screen is locked.

We have a solution on how to unlock the screen, but the thing is I would like to have it in a pocket, because if you have an unlocked screen in a purse or a pocket or whatever, it's like a cat walking across a keyboard. Yeah. He was just telling you how to keep it on so it doesn't black out from the power thing.

No, yeah. That's easy. That's, yeah.

But it's, and I'm not using the Android. I'm sticking with Apple, because it's just more unintuitive shit to learn. People don't know that I've always, when I was handed a smartphone, I kind of like, cool.

And then when I found out that all the phones are going to be like that, I said, very uncool. Yes. Very uncool.

Because it's so large. You know, it's sort of like when they started putting the cameras on the phones, I thought it was great. It was like, oh, this is cool.

I got a camera now. And then everybody's phone is a camera. So it's really a camera.

Well, now you're talking about, you're talking about the interface. See, um. But that's the.

How do you carry it? How do you carry a smartphone, right? Yeah. In your pocket. And this is deliberate.

Well, yeah, I can't. I won't. I'd rather go.

And I do. I've gone back. I don't carry it.

But I have gone back. I do not carry it. I have gone back to how things were when I was growing up, when the phone rang, it was important.

Right. Right. And or you had a wrong number and a wrong number was such a bummer.

And the phone was on a cord on the wall. Well, if you see where I work or live or whatever, the phone is on a cord on the wall. The iPhone.

Right. It's another reason they make it so uncomfortable. First of all, most people are braindead.

If not, if I say all people with few exception are braindead, it's a better statement. What they do, they're making them so uncomfortable. So now when it comes time to put a chip in you to do it, it'll be great.

We don't have to carry this big thing instead of making it ergonomic or something. Right. It's very South Park.

What I see going on, which that's why people like these parodies, you know, they never tell you the truth. So whatever they tell you is true is actually fiction. But the truth is cloaked in fiction.

If you want the truth, you're going to have to go towards the fictional venues. Just like I said, when I first came here to Tucson, I went to the library walking around. I thought it was abandoned.

The librarian pops out and she's like, oh, everything on this side is nonfiction. Everything here is fiction. I told her, hey, baby, everything in here is fiction.

Because I looked at it, the books on the shelves and they look like college, they smell like college books. Yeah. But there's textbooks.

But there's a little bit of nonfiction sprinkled in there. South Park is great. I mean, what they're telling.

Yeah. So this is a ridiculous scenario. Well, South Park is especially great.

You know what? I was in the middle of an open chat last night, you know, on my call and show. And it was funny because I went through this whole thing about, did you see the recent a with CRISPR technology, we figured out how to put a pig kidney into a person now. A real transplant from a pig.

And I was going, they do this every couple of years. They're transplanting from a pig. I haven't watched a South Park in over 20 years.

You know, I don't need to because I know what they're doing and I'm glad that they're doing it. You know, they killed Kenny as Donald Marshall, supposedly. Donald Marshall, really, it's really around the stuff discussed at cloning centers.

And what I mean by that is, you know, because Donald Marshall's always killed at the cloning centers. You know, this is according to the annals of Donald Marshall. And, you know, a lot of people, by the way, I turn them on to Donald Marshall and whatever friend of mine, Daniel, does, does a lot of compilations.

And he's interviewed Time Rider and all that. People think it's too wild. And I'm like, are you kidding? That's mild.

That's mild. It's really, you know, for example, if you read the laws or real science, what's going on, what, you know, all the exclusions that they take out of experiments, that is way freakier. Like the laws and the way the money system works is way freakier than any story about underground cloning centers and consciousness transfer.

Right. Oh, yeah. And coincidence conspiracy is even more insane than the most insane.

Because, like, if you look at a guy like Jolly West, it's perfect example of both of these things. You know, Jolly West was right. I heard of the name that Johnny, I know Johnny West on Speed Racer or something like that.

But Jolly West, no. I think that was maybe Johnny Test. But Jolly West was an MKUltra doctor.

Right. And he just happened to get a session with Jack Ruby right before he went insane. Oh, yeah, that's right.

But he also, it turns out, Tom O'Neill dug it up in his own personal letters and everything. And there go the dogs for some reason. That's fine.

But we hardly hear it. Yeah. Cool.

But he also was there with Charles Manson when he was in Haight-Ashbury. And apparently one of his primary things was trying to do mind control through LSD. Also, he happened to get a private session with Sirhan Sirhan.

You're starting to stack up the interesting coincidence here with Jolly West and MKUltra. Yeah. Funny stuff.

It's kind of like whenever there's a public incident, you see Wackenhut ascent to security. Right. Same thing.

Whenever it's a, what do you call it, state sponsored, which is you have two states. So anyway, it's funny. But it's funny that you brought up the dogs, because I was thinking about that, you know, kind of like I try to focus on when someone else is speaking.

But the thought came up. I have someone in my contacts. I think he's a sub and he's Greek.

And he thinks I'm very Greek. And he always sends me very like stuff kind of messages that it's like he eats razor blades for breakfast or something like I mispronounced a word or I had to look something up. It's shameful.

And he says he sent me some philosophical stuff and I don't get it and all that. But he's very cryptic, can't communicate what his point is. See, the thing about.

Well, you should know better. Greeks don't eat that kind of food. Greek, you know.

What I'm saying, though, is I've had this in the past. And I bring it up because he's Greek. First of all, the only reason I'm Greek is because I have a really long name.

If you say it fast, you get a hernia. The reason I'm not interested. Nobody can look good.

Because Greece is a Euro trash place, you know. And nobody can look good saying a Greek name, by the way. It's kind of Euro trashy, really.

I'm not. It's I really would like to disconnect from. But it's stuck and it's there.

And it's it allows me some people. You know, when you meet when I meet people and I said my nickname is the Greeks. Oh, I know Greeks.

I'm like, oh, I'm sorry. I'm the only Greek I know. I really I don't have a dislike for him.

But it's it's I could say they're Euro trash. You know, that's fine. You just don't have that.

You don't have that ancestral attachment. No, no, they're gone. No, my ancestors are gone.

I'm some kind of freak. Well, like you shouldn't even be here. Like when a guy is great.

Yeah, like the Rocky example. Sorry. But with the Rocky example, when people like call themselves like the Italian style, it's usually because they're proud of the fact that they're Italian.

Oh, my God. They're thinking that you are proud to be a Greek is what the problem is here. No, no, not at all.

It's not a problem. It's a perception. And the thing is about pronouncing words and knowing the difference.

You know, I could train a dog to speak Greek. As a matter of fact, I had. So I don't care about any of that.

So anyway, I'm reaching out to whoever I'm not going to use his name. You know who you are. There's a couple of them, actually.

Come on. Come on. We'll invite you on.

Let me know when it's convenient for you. You probably in that slum known as Athens or not, wherever you are. We'll make a time and enlighten us with your philosophy.

I mean, it's like Greek stuff to read. And it's like I'm reading. I'm like, I don't get it.

This is just like airy, fairy crap. So if you can, here's the thing. Like I tell people, I try to study stuff.

If you can't communicate it, guess what? You don't know it. And if you're not a good communicator, that means you have very little. You have no input.

So either way you the way you know if someone is. And this is not about the specific person. I'm just saying specifically people who can't communicate.

Also, it's a two way street. Have very little input. There's exceptions.

You know where people really can't speak or whatever. But they're keen. But it's two way street.

So someone who can take in can also put out. Oh, that sounds like a good day there. It does sound a little lascivious.

Yeah, she put out. So here's the thing. When people tell me you're not getting it.

Getting what? Give it to me in 30 seconds. Oh, that's too fast. Man, you're going crazy.

Give it to me. What's the second half that counts? You're a little sexually frustrated there, Greek. Is that what you term? I would say, well, yeah, I don't do that anymore.

But I wouldn't say frustration. It's a new part of my life, you know. I'm trying to eliminate other than like quality food.

Because food is really your fuel. Like putting the wrong gasoline. But you're not burning anything.

But I've eliminated all platters like any kind of celebration. Go ahead. I have no interest in that.

People think like, but I'm not a downer. Hopefully I'm not perceived as a downer. But if it's a celebration or whatever, I'll join.

But I'm not interested in any of those emotional pastimes and all that. My stuff is just a. Because I know too much. I don't know everything.

I don't even know a lot. But I know too much to participate in what other people consider to be a well-structured whatever. Right.

But the going back to communication and all this and how to live and all that is really where it's at. Because the part that I get frustrated about is. And I can objectify this.

It sounds very subjective and opinion based. But I see people don't know how to live. They don't know how to live.

They don't know how to eat. They don't know how to clean. I mean, like just general, whether it's hygiene or their homes.

They don't know how the body works. They don't know how to keep time. They cannot coalesce anything that's real.

And keeping time is important. You know, like, for example, the oleander here in Tucson always starts blooming on the second week of the second month. And on the Pope's work schedule, it could be three weeks off, two weeks off, right? Sometimes more.

So but it's always on time. So what I mean is, you know, someone said, oh, you should go, you know, someone, a doctor that I know. She read a book about another doctor saying that, yeah, you know, diabetes is this.

I said, he needs to join. If he if he really wants to learn, he needs to come on to my sonic or I'll do a webinar on that. And she got like she couldn't understand that because I'm not a doctor.

I don't write books. How would you know more? Because she was telling me, would you get out of that book? I'm like, this guy's an amateur. He doesn't know what's going on.

He's beating around the bush for 30 seconds. But you don't have the piece of paper, Greek. So what do you know? Oh, my gosh, they're all idiots.

Yeah, all of them. What's a little exception? Here's the thing with the doctors and lawyers. They are moronic.

And now they're the exceptions. I have to repeat this. The exceptions are the people that are well intended to go into those fields and they find out what's going on, really.

Right. And now they need an exit strategy. Well, first, typically, when you find out what's going on, the first even emotional thing is, can I change it? Can I do something better? And if they go down that route, they're going to find that the superiors right away, they stick out and they're like, you have.

We don't want anything better. We want you to do it standard. And there's a kitty cat.

We want you to do it the regular way that's accepted. So so the exceptions are the people that want to make it better. They don't last ever.

And then they look for an exit strategy. Now, an exit strategy could be anywhere between two weeks and two years, even five years, I've seen. So those are the exceptions.

But the ones that stay in there are happy. I have to say it that way. And there's no.

And that's and in that case, there is no exception. And unfortunately, like I know a woman from Chile and she goes, oh, I don't like American doctors. I say, well, what does American have to do with it? And she goes on to Chile to have herself examined and all that.

And they do this. I said, do they today when you walked in, did they strap a cuff on your arm, inflate it and tell you had blood pressure? Yeah, they did a blood test, right? Yeah. They did a blood sugar test.

Yeah, I said they're idiots. Well, they're speaking the same thing. Yeah, I don't want to know.

She's I want to show you what. No, I'm not interested. They're speaking the same medical language regardless of the conversation.

That's right. Same with attorneys. They're minors.

What they are there. This is how if you want to get legal about it or in law, they would be called as wards or minors in custody. In other words, they have a custodianship over them and they're considered minors.

I think I've read several. Maybe she wants a code, a state code that said that you'll be even you'll be considered a minor. I was about money banking.

You'll be considered. You can be considered a minor even though you are of legal age. Right.

Yeah. By the way, anyone who deals with the Social Security Administration is considered a minor. That's called a minor accounts in the palms manual.

The primary account is the Treasury account. So that's why they treat you like a little baby. We're only going to give you this much or whatever.

They're easy to turn inside. By the way, anyone who wants to get the quote unquote minor benefits from the Social Security Administration. Oh, you have to go to a hearing.

They'll never really because this all this stuff. Attorneys also. What's his name? Brandon Joe Williams put out some stuff lately.

Just randomly bookmark some stuff like just to see the latest videos. And he had a pretty good interview, which is interesting. 30 subscribers or two subscribers, no views.

And it's been a week, which is not true. There's over 2000 views. And they have a funky little channel.

But anyway, he talks about how bar cards. He's starting to realize that there are a bunch of retard stuff that I've been saying for decades. And they're all about threats and intimidation.

Same with doctors. Now, all of this is like saying, you know, an idiot would say, Greek, are you saying we shouldn't have medicine? Shouldn't have law? This is the idiot level, which is they are. This is the response that I usually get.

It's like a minor, like a child, a nine year old reaction. We're talking about 60 year old attorneys. And 50 year old doctors react this way.

Greek, you're saying we shouldn't have any medicine. We shouldn't have any laws. I can never said that.

We need to have competent medicine and competent law. And the reason why it's like this, it's totally in reverse, is proof. And it's a testament to the robustness of the human condition.

You can have a human society set up. The people think there's government. And there is no government.

In other words, if you denominate how the government is set up, you're not in a government at all. It's corporate completely, even though the real government's there. You have no law.

You have no medicine. If you think you have any law or medicine, you are actually pretty normal. You would have no problem with proper law or proper medicine.

That's right. Here's the interesting thing about it. In law, it's actually harsher because there's no negotiation.

There's no plea deal in law. But there's so few laws that you have to abide by. And the golden rule, right? Don't harm.

Cause no harm. Actually, I'm going to be working with a case of business that I'm interested in. And they said, oh, you can't come in anymore.

We have to do this. And I said, why? So somebody slipped and fell outside. Did you do want him to slip and fall? He says, no, we actually helped him, called an ambulance, and we're being sued.

And we got it. Oh, you got put an injunction, right? On you. Yeah.

How do you know? I said, unless the guy has a properly sworn affidavit, you have to have the case. I said, you have an attorney, right? Yes, we do. You probably got him flat $10,000 return.

He says, yeah. I'm like, you know, get rid of him. The guy's an idiot.

He's going to, the two attorneys, the one suing you and the one that you hire talk all the time about how much they're going to get out of you and how much percentage they're going to get out of the other guy, billable hours. I bet there's no sworn affidavit that he's been injured. He can't do it.

I don't know how to do it, by the way. They do affidavits, but they're not sworn properly according to the code. And I could give the codes.

Just look up United States codes, unsworn affidavits. There's two ways to do it. One is with the United States.

The other one is without the United States. And you want to do it without the United States, right? Because this 14th Amendment citizen is not entitled to anything when they say with the United States. You want to do it as a national, right? So they even tell you there's a distinction.

They're just like on the passport application. So anyway, I said, I'll give you an hour of my time. And it's going to be very simple.

A very simple laundry list. And it'll get you out. And if they don't listen to you and they pursue, then you counter sue for disturbing commerce.

And the penalties of that can be up to $100 million. Right? And you get them off your back. And then you do an injunction.

And I said, how could they put an injunction on you? You see, it's very hard to do an injunction out of the blue. But if you have a repeat offense, like, you know, there's someone else slipped and fell, then they can do. There's more right for an injunction.

Right. But on the first time like that, no, get the injunction. Get out, get your business.

And they're like, oh, my gosh. They're like, are you a lawyer? So as a matter of fact, it's kind of a disgrace to say no. But yes, an attorney.

In fact, not an attorney at law. Anyone can do that. For example, a trustee is an attorney.

In fact, you know, anyone who has power of attorney, you can give me power of attorney. Right. And I can give you power of attorney.

You go sign anything for me. The only thing is in these fake courts, you can't go and represent me in a real court, which is a superior court or the Supreme Court, which is where you're supposed to be as a as a national. And this is all in the Constitution.

You can speak. You can. I wouldn't represent you, but I would be brought in as an amicus, whatever.

It's a friend of the court. And I would testify. Yeah.

You give an amicus whatever you give an amicus. Yeah. Yeah.

So it's very simple. This is law. But and what's going on is so heinous and heinous, meaning on criminal level with the medical and the legal.

And you'll find it everywhere. There's no. Let's see.

I remember when I was growing up, when you had a lung disorder or respiratory, oh, you got to go to Denver or you got to go to Tucson, you know, and you'll recover. Right. Know that that you don't hear stuff like that anymore.

At this point, you know, there's a medical community. Say, go here and you live here for a few weeks and you'll recover. Never.

So what I'm trying to say here is even small town doctors. Yeah. The only place you see evidence of that is when they sent Doc Holliday to the sanitariums in order to recover from or to try to recover from the tuberculosis.

TB. Yeah. This is in the movies, though.

Yeah. But that's in a movie about recently. So what I'm trying to say is these small town doctors are total morons also because they've been indoctrinated.

If you're considered, quote unquote, professional to work under that privilege, you have to completely swallow and vomit out all the indoctrinated bullshit. And it's getting worse and worse. In other words, the education.

So what does this mean? OK, yeah. People that have been around have heard me say this over and over and over. You better learn who you are.

I used to say what you are and where you are and when you are. Right. Which is lawful timekeeping.

You don't think, you know, that's that's like an optional thing. But it's kind of good to know, have a feeling for real time. You know, that's why, like, you know, the day ends at solar noon.

That's why you kind of like before lunch, you want to have lunch and take a nap, you know. But anyway, the whole thing is to really know the way I said all these professions are so screwed up as a testament to the robustness of the human or the man and the woman and the body and biology. And generally in biology in general is very robust.

Learn how to take advantage of that. See people that have been following. I've done this with several people like medical protocols and for years and they're getting worse.

Everyone gets worse, by the way. No one gets better with the medical protocols. No one.

And if you're on it for many, many years, they could drag you out and you're going to just die of cancer. It's very simple. And most people that they say die of cancer don't even have cancer, but they get the treatments.

Anyway, what I'm trying to say here is, if you know, well, okay, when I get them off the protocols, they usually within a month, they're fine. And stuff that's gone away completely, you know, so just do nothing. What do you do? First of all, this is the basic thing to take advantage of the protocols, right? Not the protocols, but take advantage of the how robust we really are to make sure you have a good quality water availability.

And that's not a marketing propaganda thing. Learn how to prepare water yourself. One thing that's really easy.

Anyone can do. They sell these picture filters. They call them bread of filters like Walmart has them for less than 10 bucks or whatever, right? And prepare your own water instead of buying it bottled or having it delivered or whatever like that.

Right. And but here's the thing. This is what takes the quality up to the next level.

That bread of filters considered junk. Right. But if you study absorption for, you know, for filtering, like carbon, mostly carbon and some ion resin in there, you'll notice that as the temperature of the water goes down, the efficiency goes up to 99%.

So if I said someone, I want you to have good water. All you need to do is get one of these picture filters. Right.

Now, you don't want to just do what all the morons do is they go to the sink, fill it up. And the Greek says is great water. Is he getting sponsored by these guys? No, no, no.

If you really want to make it great water, what you do is instead of being like a regular moron and going to the sink and pouring the water in there, get a similar size volume jug and fill that with the water from the tap and chill it overnight or at least eight hours in the fridge. Right. And then run it through the filter.

Right. And you don't I'm not talking about having it drinking it cold or anything. You should be cool.

But filtering the water at 39 degrees, which is basically almost all refrigerators in the world are set at four degrees Celsius or 39 right now. Even if you're not a refrigerator buff like you don't know what's going on. It's just set by your landlord or the previous tenant or you bought it and that's it.

I bet if you put a thermometer in there, it'll be anywhere between 38 and 41 degrees, which is the average is 39. And if you're in Europe, it'll be around for 3.9 to 4.2 Celsius. I assure you, this is how it works.

So it's almost like we are set up already for it. So when you run the water through the Brita filter, have it be chilled. And also when you have it slightly open or vented, you don't have to put a lid on it on a big jar or another vase in the fridge.

You want the you want it to outgas a little bit as it's cooling. You don't have to put a tight lid on it while in that initial stage. Now you have increased the quality of your water.

Number two, food. First thing, learn how to eat seasonally. OK.

If you want to look on a macro level in the West, not until there was major interchange and groceries and produce from the tropics. Right. All these refrigerated shipping and all that stuff.

You didn't have the diseases and the ailments and the liver problems that you do now. Right. So, yeah.

So I'm not saying avoid food foods from the tropics. You don't live in the tropics, but you can use tropical food to cool you down when it's hot outside. Right.

Now, the exception would be if you live in a tropical area like Florida. Right. Because that is more tropical.

Yeah. It's less it would be considered more temperate, I guess. Or, yeah.

Yeah. But then but then here's the benefit. Yeah.

You'd be closer, but you're not quite there yet. You know, you'll have your citrus in the winter because it's citrus winter season. But I don't think you'll have bananas.

You could have bananas in California. You won't have coffee in Florida. No, you know, coffee doesn't.

Yeah. So so cross latitude is the best. And usually you'll find the most for.

So let's say you're in Rhode Island. You're going to have apples, pears, apricots, blueberries, raspberries, cherries. Right.

Right. You shouldn't have bananas or whatever fruit, kiwi or whatever. You know, even though actually New Zealand would be almost on your same thing.

But avoid. Right. So in the summer you don't eat salmon.

I remember when this in the early 2000s was a big salmon craze and then they busted it by saying that it's artificial color. Remember all that crap 20 years ago, 15 years ago. I remember going into people's homes in the summer and they said they couldn't cool down enough.

They had the thermostat all the way down. So I walk in. You know, like a two thousand dollar a month electric bill.

And I'm like, I'm like, are you eating salmon? She goes, yeah, I love it. I said, stop eating salmon because it's adjusting your body to the Arctic. Right.

Right. So that's what I mean by cross latitude and seasonal. Now, if you understand this trick, you can actually manipulate it.

Right. So let's see the winter seasons coming around wherever you live, even in Florida, because it gets cold in Florida for a few weeks. It gets cold for many years also.

And you're not used to it. What you do is you go get yourself a piece of salmon, poach it, cook it. However, eat salmon for two or three days.

Then you'll say, wow, I'm not feeling cold anymore. Right. But you have to do the reverse so you can actually engineer your diet.

Now, the other thing about your diet is this. No one talks about this. I'm not talking about protein, carbohydrates or anything like that.

Right. You know, at all. The way that I would talk about diet would be animal and non-animal.

Right. And you have to know how to do combining. Another thing about diet is this.

People say, well, what do you what would you like to eat for breakfast? Have you heard that? What would you like to eat for lunch? Well, I don't know. What would you like to eat for dinner? Oh, I don't know. Or I like to eat this for dinner.

OK. People are thinking of these these meals that they eat. You shouldn't really eat more than two meals a day, by the way.

You know, the three meal a day. That's the food industry. Right.

They want you to eat five meals a day if they would. The meals work very much like this. They stack.

Because when you have your lunch, that'll be in you till tomorrow. Right. But you're going to have your dinner in between.

So you're actually doing food combining. There's a there's an opening between the mouth and the anus. That's the only opening in the body to the inside of the body, like a tunnel going through the mountain.

So you got a choo-choo train that's way down the tunnel and a new a new choo-choo train is coming in right now. You got two trains in the tunnel. And if they meet and there's and there's, let's say, from a chemical point of view or a seasonal point of view or across latitude point of view, not compatible, you're going to have problems.

I'll give you an example. When you have flatulence gas, that's a signal to your body saying don't eat that again, please, because that's what that's as far as we can go with it. The idiot, the morons, the scientific morons will tell you, well, you should add stress.

No, what's going on in the body is when you start masticating and you start chewing, the digestion begins with your first bite, literally, and your first bite determined on how much you bit off is how much chewing you should do, how much saliva is going to mix with it. As you're swallowing, there's more saliva being put out. And then there's a gel substance like saliva and other things that form in the stomach to continue that process or slight movement.

So what it's doing is it's changing the food to be compatible to be turned into energy that the inside of the body can see, right? And this happens all through the intestine and each part of the intestine specializes in a different extraction or conversion method. So the way it goes is once the food is ready, it goes from the solid or liquid, then it goes to gas and that gas becomes energetic and then it goes, this is all happening in the lumen of the intestine or the lumen of the stomach. And once it goes from gas, it goes to energy and then it passes into the body and then the blood vessels on the inside of the organs, you know, you'll see blood vessels around the stomach, blood vessels around the intestines and so on.

The duodenum, you can get into the anatomy and figure it out yourself and you could actually as an engineer would, you could see the types of the sizes and the amount of blood vessels in nature and get into forming a real science on how the body gets energy from food. But that's a way other long discussion or it could be introduced. I just introduced it.

So when you have flatulence, it's if you have the body's having a hard time from the nutrition to go from gas, remember it's solid, liquid, gas to energy and it just bounces back and it remains a gas. That gas quantity should have been converted to energy. Now, when I say energy, I don't know what kind is part of the biological vacuum.

Does it have an electrical component to it? Yes, it does, but it's not electricity. It's not electricity as we know it because as we know, electricity is pressure. These are chemical source from a battery or it's pressurized magnetically pressurized.

This is not magnetically pressurized and not a chemical battery. It's a different type of electricity that emerges from a biological vacuum. And if you want an extreme example, there's something called a mora ray or stingray and or a I'm sorry, what is that? Eel.

Eel. That's right. Yeah.

And that's a very real thing. There's actually some pretty cool videos about them in tanks what they can do and measured. You could say that is also a product of the biological that they need to be investigated and then dialed down, just like the early electrical experiments.

Guess what was investigated first? Lightning. Right. And then it was dialed down right into what we understand is electricity today.

So basically the gas in the body is the body is telling you, right, don't do this. And that's typically from bad food combining. An example of bad food combining is if you just had a glass of milk and notice it and say yogurt or cheese milk.

And now you take some lemonade or lemon juice that turns into a poison in the body. Don't I'm not going to get into details of something that completely paralyzes your body's ability to digest anything else other than this, which is melon. Eat it alone or leave it alone.

So if you're going to eat melon, you should have at least one to two hours that you haven't eaten or one and two hours after you eat melon to eat something else because it requires such a specific process and chemical structure to digest it properly that if you include melon, whatever melon. And by the way, cucumber in some degree is like melon. If you ever cut a cantaloupe, look at the seeds and the smell of the whole room smells like it or watermelon.

Cucumbers are very similar in that they're almost like a melon. I consider them in the melon family, but cucumbers tend to be a transition point where they are well combined with other things to a degree. They actually slow down digestion enough.

So, yeah, that's another discussion. So that's why I sell people. Do you remember the cafe craze with a garnish? They put a you get a lunch or dinner and they have a slice of melon as a garnish or wrapped with prosciutto.

Oh, my gosh. Listen, everything that I'm saying now, I've been saying since the 80s. This is nothing new.

And this is I've been watching all the food trends also. Oh, my gosh. OK, very quickly.

And people who saw the wisdom in it, like a lot of people say you want to learn information. Yeah. But if you don't have the wisdom to sort it out, it doesn't mean anything.

Actually, a lot of these doctors and lawyers are actually, quote unquote, smart and get a lot of information, but they don't have the wisdom to see what they're doing. Right. Well, a lot of these.

Right. There's no wisdom in the wisdom is to be able to, you know, there's a lot of sayings and cliches about wisdom, but really wisdom and intuition, authentic intuition, individual intuition allows you to get a new piece of information. And then, like, it's not a leap of faith.

You have this instinctive feeling. It's an evil, not a feeling that people say, but it's an emote very deep where, you know, this has to be handled very carefully because sometimes the information has direction in it. Right.

And people fall. And that's a misleading thing. So you need the wisdom to understand these things when you get the knowledge.

You know, it's all about knowledge and wisdom. No one ever gets into that, but it's mostly intuitive and you have to trust it. But it's a skill.

Just like, for example, when I mentioned whenever you meet someone new, do a quick snap judgment, a strong judgment on them, like within 30 seconds or less. And then as you get to know them, refer back to your initial judgment and see, was I correct on that initial judgment after a week, a month or a year? And if you weren't correct, start dialing in your judgment. I was being, don't say you were being too judgmental.

I've heard that too many times. That doesn't mean anything. Right.

Right. It's like I was walking too fast. I don't know if I was walking.

You know, what are you talking about? No. Okay. When you, when you, okay, let's say it was too judgmental.

Okay. About what specific? What judgment call did you make along? What parameters? See, not because they're trying to get the obvious things. Oh, you're too judgmental about what? No, you have to be too negatively judgmental if there were anything.

Right. Or you'd have to be too positively judgmental. But what specific thing are you judging? There's a component.

Yeah. If you don't even give it a direction, even a vague one, then there's no point to it. Judgment about what? Judgment.

A harsh judgment is appropriate. Physical appearance and hygiene. The other one would be the way they carry themselves, the way they sound.

Okay. What they're there for, their behavior, their etiquette. Those are the, that's what you would judge them on.

Right. Okay. So not just being too judgmental.

Right. See, everything that you hear, all these cliches, by the way, are all false. Like, what came first, chicken or the egg? That's a real dumb question.

Obviously, the chicken because that you could have been an alligator egg. Right. You have all these, these, these things that, that the paradox no one knows.

I'm like, oh my gosh, you know, you only use 5% of your brain. You're probably using less than 1%. You know, of that, you know, kind of thing.

If you believe all this stuff that they tell you, no one is thinking with very little exception. Okay. So the back to the robustness of the human body, you have the water treatment.

Then you very, very, very basic. Now, if you don't filter your own water, just to recap, just put it in the dark, put it in the dark. And if you can chill it for overnight, you don't have to drink it cold.

Bring it down because that's like setting, you know, cookie dough should be baked. Right. And then you have it at room temperature.

Right. Water should, after it's been bottled or processed, reach that 39 degrees for a little while and absolutely keep it in the dark. With my water experimentations now, I've noticed that the most harmful thing to water is light.

And of course, heat, you know, you put water on a boiling on fire, you add something else now. But exposing it to light degrades it very quickly. And I mean, degrades its carrying capacity and its qualities and all that.

So that's why spring water is better than drinking lake or river water. It's not exposed to light and air. And then there's air that's exposed to air exposure.

The food, learn about food combining. And I gave a little bit more than I usually do on these kinds of talks on those things. But when I say food combining, please, the things that I've always been mentioning.

But when you have lunch, think about what you had for breakfast or dinner last night. And does it combine well? Right. So if you had a hamburger for dinner, don't have pizza for lunch the next day.

What does that look like? Looks that looks like a conveyor belt junk food. Doesn't it? Think about it. Yeah.

Think about everything you eat as being on a conveyor belt. And you're looking down the conveyor belt, which is what you ate. And the other way you're looking up the conveyor belt to what you're going to eat.

And how does that look to you? Does it look well balanced? Does it look like too much processed food? Right. Doesn't this get a little strange when people do what they call dessert, though? Because, you know, I will. Yeah, that's that's a marketing.

OK, let me just say it. This is like steak and steak and ice cream. They're two pretty common things.

Yeah. Not good. If you combine them at the same.

Like, if you think about it, I'm not going to put a steak and an ice cream on the same plate and eat them at the same time. It's it's almost it's if you have it where a short order after the steak, it's almost as bad as doing that. But here's the other thing.

The temperature. You ever. What happens to fat when it's in the fridge? Well, right.

It stays. It's hard. It stays.

You know, it's hard and it stays in its shape and all that. But you take. Yeah.

Right. So how many. So, you know, if you know those fruit presses, you put half an orange, the old school ones, you press the fruit, the citrus press.

I used to take French fries and stuff like that, put it in the press and squeeze it and all that. You see like a half a teaspoon of fry oil. And the person's like, oh, and I'm like, go ahead, drink it.

Eat it. You were going to eat those fries, right? You can still eat them. They're a little mashed.

But drink the oil here. Eat it. Eat it.

Eat it. I was just I used to talk people like that. You know, someone was addicted to doughnuts.

And is how many doughnuts do I could eat like half a dozen in the morning? And I'm like, give me three of them. And I compressed them. There was like almost a teaspoon of fry oil.

I said, drink it. Drink it. Like, oh, that's gross.

I'm like, yeah. It really tastes like doughnuts made with lard anyway. So you're.

Well, actually, good doughnuts wouldn't be made with lard unless there were Mexican doughnuts or something. But really, because they like. Yeah, I can't eat the real authentic northern Mexican food because they fry everything in lard.

I don't like the flavor. It's on. It's unlawful.

It's unclean. I never liked the flavor. What do you do? How do they do that? Well, animal fat.

Well, here's beef. Animal fat has a higher flashpoint. It doesn't go.

OK, so but let's go back to to the point which which I kind of lost. But maybe you could drag me back in. I was talking about food combining.

And I had mentioned the state ice cream thing, which is ridiculous. And yeah, don't put it together again. OK, now here's the thing that I've seen when people go to a banquet, a feast, a holiday.

OK, you could see how vacuous their minds are. Oh, if I eat this, I'm going to be fat. I'm like, you idiot.

You don't eat like this every day. It's Thanksgiving or it's your birthday or it's your anniversary or you're at a restaurant that you go to once every two years. Moron.

Go ahead and feast. Go ahead and have the fatty foods and the sweet foods because you don't eat like this every day. Moron.

Yeah, I've done this. I've seen this. Someone has this one.

I don't like going out restaurants. If I'm going to go to a restaurant, it's going to have to be the upper crusty ones. And I still say I'd like to go to a high-end restaurant, but I don't know who I'd bring with me.

But anyway, that's another story. How many times have you seen people say, oh, it's a special event. I'm going to get fat.

No, you're not going to. You get fat by eating like this consistently and constantly. So shut up.

Because what that means is they don't know how to appreciate and they don't recognize what's going on at all. And I've seen this. I've stopped going out to restaurants.

I hear this all the time. Oh, no, I don't want to get fat. I'm like, you dumb, you know, whatever.

You're not going to eat this every day. Go ahead and live it up. Live it up.

You're not going to eat like this again maybe in six months or two months. It's fine. See, so there's a mixture that people don't understand.

When you eat your daily stuff every day, day in, day out, keep it light, right? Light is a big thing here. You know, what's light is relative, based on culture. But every culture, you can eat light when you think about it, right? So, like, you know, for example, when people go to Italy and they're eating pasta in Sicily, they didn't like the food because when they get a pasta, the gravy looks like a broth.

It's not this thick ragu sitting on top. Very rarely. So you go to the northern climate, right? In Sicily, it's like I couldn't get a good bowl of pasta.

Everything was in soup. I was like, well, yeah, the gravy, the sauce is very, very light. It's more like a tomato juice instead of the thing you used to have.

Yeah, it's at the bottom of your bowl. You grate a little bit. You have a little cheese on a bowl.

You put a little cheese on it, you know, like Americans or white people. Oh, it's got melted cheese. It's great.

Anyway. So the thing is, they eat light. So learn how to eat light.

Eat slowly. There's a thing about chewing your liquids and drinking your solids. What does that mean? Don't guzzle.

Anybody who was on the football team, the coach is yelling, don't guzzle too much water, right? Drink it slowly, even when you're really thirsty. Let it mix with saliva. Yes, it does require to mix with saliva to be recognized.

And drink. That's chewing your liquids and drinking your solids is you're not thoroughly. Yeah.

Thoroughly until it's liquefied. I've seen people on television do taste us. You know, a guy takes a bite of a burger.

One, two. And he's swallowing. I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

You got to chew that bad boy. Now, the macroneurotics, I mean, macrobiotics, there's a true 30 times. There's no number of how much you're going to chew.

It's just make, just get it at least to a liquid, a semi-liquid state. You know, what would you call a mash? Like the wet mash potato state, you know? Like a mush. A mush.

Definitely a wet mush. Yeah. Not a dry.

I've seen people try to, sorry, I can't be around people. I mean, when they swallow and eat, they're like, oh, I need something to wash this down. You ever hear that? You know? You should have chewed it a little bit more, idiot.

So, and this is typical. I mean, oh my gosh, it's so bad. And it's been, and I'm just, I've been thinking exactly what I'm saying now since the 80s.

Could you imagine 40 years of this? I've had enough. And it's really mostly in the culture, the Western culture I'm talking about. And I'm talking about East Coast, you know, some Midwest, mostly Southwest.

It's all the same. Actually, I got it. You know, Canadians are a little more refined.

Why? Because when you go to a Canadian pizza parlor, they always give you a fork and knife. Pretty much. Right? So anyway, that's just a sideways humor.

I don't think it was even funny. But, you know, when I heard the Canadians eat their pizza with a fork and knife, I was like, hmm, that's more refinement. Yeah.

You know, instead of chomping on it. How about the Philly cheeseburger? Yeah. You know, you're supposed to eat that.

You spread your legs about two feet apart and lean over a little bit. Right? You know, there's a whole stance that a professional cheese steak eater eats. Right? Yeah.

Also, if you go out to the clubbing in New York and they go get a pizza at two in the morning, do the same stance. You spread about two feet apart, you know, about two foot distance and you lean over while you're biting the slice. Right? Yep.

You know what I'm talking about, right? Yep. Yep. Yeah, so there's all these things you, I watch, I've been watching all, it's kind of like, you know, when a dog's going to take a poop, you know, the stance, right? Oh, yeah.

Versus pee. Or you see the leg goes up, you're like, oh, that's, that's going to be urine. For humans, I know, this dog is going to eat the business.

It's like, oh my gosh. They're very, once you, well, you have to be sharp on these things. You have to be really concerned.

Now, I might sound like a real inconsiderate motherfucker, but actually you haven't gotten any anywhere, anywhere, anywhere from anyone ever before. And why? Well, I think I've answered that in the beginning of the thing. So, this is, this kind of shotgun, steamroller information needs to be given this way.

It's kind of like a coach, you know, uh, you know, you know, coach has to be rough to the players that he's supporting and coaching. As a matter of fact, he has to be so rough. He has to be rougher, should be rougher than the opposing team would be on this team.

Right? Otherwise there's so, so if you have a coach that's rougher on you than the, than actual playing the game, if the game will, what that will not intimidate you. Will it? You're going to be, I'd rather be intimidated by someone trying to teach me something than the actual act of playing the game. But then vice versa.

It's like you're not prepared, right? You're worried about the opponent. You're worried about failing on the coach. About your own coach.

Yeah. And I found that's the best way to convey information that sticks. Now, of course, nine out of ten people won't get it, but it, you know, again, if you can help one person, that's fine.

So, that's basically the, the idea of if you, and then there's hygiene, of course, and which is your whole surroundings. The idea of a testament to the robust, robustness of the human body. There's a, there's a there's food combining.

The medical part, by the way, by the way, nowhere in the Bible is it plants, pee, or medicine. Excuse me, I have a cough there. I should have a little drink.

No, no, no problem. Look, why don't you take a moment and I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'm just going to break this in half because we've done a fairly long one here and create another.

We'll create another. The human condition.