Rated Y Sonic Event 2.11. Oh look, I think I'm a little low this time, Greek. There we go. Now I think I'm at my regular volume.

How are you today? Okay. Yeah, just doing it, man. Okay.

Got any questions? I got questions. I got comments. You want to start weird or you want to go with reactive? No, it's up to you, it doesn't matter to me.

Ah, dealer's choice, eh? Okay, so let's start with this one. This is somebody who's talking about dreams, okay? And they've listened to everything you have to say, and yet they have a question that I think you've already kind of answered, but let's try it anyway. They're dreaming of dead people, okay? And in the dreams, they're usually seeing them in mundane situations.

However, in a recent string of them, lately, this is women that they've been with in the past, and now they're seeking to like move in with them. And these are the circumstances they keep having dreams of until they realize that they're, you know, obviously it's like, wait a minute, you're dead, this and that. So anyway, the overall- I get it because I've lately been having the same stuff.

Really? So the question is, do you think that there are messages in patterns like this in dreaming? Yeah. If so, what should someone do to change or stop? It always goes by the same rule. If you can manipulate it, you're not in a dream.

In other words, if you can remember when you're in the dream, the thing is we get so caught up in the dream, we forget to look at our hands. Oh, and that's what he says. You see, he says he's so caught up in it, and then the moment he goes, wait a minute, you're dead, you know, then it ends.

Yeah, that's right. Okay, so you're being messed with. If you can remember, it takes a lot of work.

It could take years just to be able to get yourself to remember. So look for your hands, or look for mouths when there's speech, because usually the mouths don't move. If you can move your hands, you're like in a membrane, a threshold into another reality.

Still in this reality, it's just a very fine, you know, just like anyone who does radio, you could tune into a whole bunch of terrestrial radio right now, right? So it's just tuning into it when you're asleep because your senses don't allow you to tune into it with too much sensory input. Looking back over his explanation and his comment, though, two things I realized. One, he doesn't realize about the mouths moving because he mentioned that, that he references it.

Like I said, he listened to you talk about this before. Yeah, but he didn't bring it up. He didn't know.

So it's probably he's being messed with. Well, he did see his hands, though, in the last one. Oh, did he? Was he able to manipulate them, move his fingers? Yeah, he grabbed- Oh, so he's in another, he's picking up a finer reality.

Here's something from years of study and listening to people. As you get closer to death, the individuals having the dreams, the dreams will become more vivid and you'll be seeing more people that have died and the dreams become more vivid and they also interact with recent events. As you, so in other words, when you're 60 or 70 or 80, you're closer to being dead than when you're 20 or 30.

So I reckon this person is probably older than 40. I don't know. I'm just guessing.

Yeah, I'm guessing too also, yeah. Yeah, yeah. So, yeah, that's an entirely, but just remember that there are beings that hang out and they're like, hey, what are we going to play on these humans? And what, you know, what, you know, if we want to scare them, what scare, what have they been taught to be scared of, right? If we want to get them aroused, what have they been taught to be aroused by? And they present those things and they rarely present them flawlessly, but they present them enough that enough of it is there that you go for it, right? Right.

But if you feel like you're in another reality and you can move your, and there's mouths moving when they're speech, especially. And they've captured this in film, by the way, where there's someone's in a dream and there's speech, but the mouths don't move. I forget which film.

It might've even been a twilight zone. I think it was a twilight zone. But yeah, believe it or not, it's taboo.

Just like the financial system, medical, whatever law, it's not talked about the dream stuff because it's not really dream. It's a very big subject, right? It's a very big subject because you can easily mix it in with the world that you perceive that when your senses are tuned, you know, the regular senses are off, you know, when you perceive another world is very different than being messed with, but they kind of mess with you in that world anyway. So big subject.

All right, let's move on. Big subject, but just on a personal note, you know what? I've noted that I've seen dead people a lot lately too. And you mentioned it yourself.

That's a weird crossover right there. Now I'm not afraid of it, but I wonder if that means I'm on my way out soon. I mean, if so, whatever, so be it.

Well, it's on different levels. You know, there's the worldwide, there's the national, then there's the familial, you know, the associations that you have personally. Okay.

On the worldwide level, we're all, the majority of the big part of the planet is pretty close to being dead and very soon, like, you know, in terms of Earth time, you know, a decade, decade and a half, right? According to the archaics timeline. Not all the whole world, but a big portion and starting even earlier than that. So on a worldwide level, there is a lot of death coming because when you look at 10 or 15 years on a world timeline, that's like a few seconds, right? So indeed, we all could be having a common sort of just- On a worldwide level, yeah, it is.

Everyone is getting a sense of death coming because, you know, it's like the two seconds to midnight, right, over 6,000 years, right? So then there's the national one where whenever a big war breaks out, people prior to the war breaking out have death dreams in that nation. And then there's familial dreams where there's a lot of the symbolism, like, you know, if you're having a dream where your teeth fall out, someone's gonna die, someone close to you is gonna die. Remember the old wives' tale and stuff, right? I thought that was sexualization if the teeth fell out.

I thought it was. Okay, well, there's different interpretations and they change every two decades. So yeah, it's a big subject.

How about we make a footnote somewhere or a note or a market somewhere that we'll get into the dream world and the parallel worlds soon? We'll do an entire thing on it. Dedicated Sonic to the dream world and parallel worlds. You got it.

Yeah. Okay, when you realize, this is another one, when you realize this entire planet is run like a family business, it all starts to make sense. When you realize we live in a biological program, you understand why they keep the prophecy.

Obfuscation is how you maintain power over the masses and power is just getting people to take action on your behalf. Right, like a horse or a beast of burden does work for you, yeah. So let's see, this is, nope, nope.

The next one I wanted to get to. That's the Rolling Stones song, A Beast of Burden. Yeah, of course.

Most people are beasts of burden. That's why I'm like, I'm totally happy just being like either in the lab or at home, you know, like that house arrest thing. I couldn't care less.

That's what I want. I hate going out. And I'm not agoraphobic.

It's just, I look forward to going out and I'm like, what the? I come back and I'm like, what the hell is that? Is that what humans are like? And I'm talking about running into like, you know, not trashy people either. I'm talking about running into people that are quote unquote professionals. I said, oh my gosh, that's, I felt like these are, this is the best society has to offer.

I felt like I was scraping the bottom. I need to just avoid it, you know, just so, yeah, anyway. Sounds like a cross between a George Carlin and a Jerry Seinfeld riff because, you know, Jerry Seinfeld does the whole, when you go out, you want to get home, when you go home, you want to go out.

But George Carlin goes, you know, I hate going out because all I got to deal with are morons and a-holes. Anyway, Greek has made a good point saying that this is not an actual war. Now, the reason why I go to this comment, Greek, is because there's a bunch of them about the conflict.

You know, I'm calling it the two eyes war at this point. The two eyes war, Israel and Iran. All right, hold on, let me stop here for a moment.

We know what Trump is doing. He's replaying what Obama was doing. Word for word, play for play, except it's going more hot.

Do you remember during the Obama thing, Iran was really bad? Yeah, I thought it was more of a Syria thing. I could play Syria in the same place. Yeah, but Syria is still going on, so that's already started.

But if you look at what was put on Iran, when was Obama, 2008 to 2016? Yeah. Something like that, yeah. Look at Iran, mentioned Obama, and it's a replay of it all.

It's all weak, stupid shit, but go ahead. I just wanted to say that he's carrying on Obama's policies so that, you know, don't, yeah. I noticed that they were releasing many images of missiles being dropped on both sides, but they never mentioned dead people, civilians actually being injured.

Well, I see mentions of dead people, but the numbers are pretty low. I even saw a video of an outside party where a bunch of people are actually having fun and filming missiles in the sky as if it was some kind of New Year's Eve firework, this guy says, so. But it's weird, because they're asking questions like, is this now something that's being lit off? Is this a sign? This is what people want to know about it.

Yeah, there was an article a few days ago about 10 countries like Qatar, UAE, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, and whatever are joining into a union. Did you pick up on that? Yeah, they have a, there's actually a name for it, but yeah, there is. Yeah, but they decided to form this alliance of six countries, and they're gonna recruit more.

I just think it's funny, because they said around 2025, you're gonna see a Middle East Union coming around, so. Yep, oh, I was just grabbing my keyboard so it didn't fall off the table, so. Oh, that's fine, yeah.

So what else you got on that, yeah, so he's got some interesting, or she's got some interesting comments about the war is not a war, yeah. Yeah, it's not a war. It does seem kind of fake, because they're not really showing you massive casualties, but they're talking about it and whipping you into a frenzy, and of course, Trump is threatening stuff.

This is all a combined group of comments, by the way. You know, Trump is threatening stuff, but is he really the guy in charge? You know. No, no, Trump is a TV person.

Of course, you know, he didn't learn. It's cumulative, so before he got into politics, he did the TV shows, right? Right, he's the boss on the TV show, but he doesn't run the TV show. You know, it might be a prejudice.

Yeah, it's an unlawful, the United States is an unlawful, some say it's not a corporation, it's a scam. It's a total scam. It's kind of like when you work with the mob, or you play a card game with the mob, and you own a sporting goods store, big store, just 10, 15 million a year in sporting goods, right? And you play, you get addicted to gambling, and you're in the whole quarter of a million dollars with them, and you can't pay them because you don't have any cash flow.

So the mob comes into your sporting goods store, starts taking this stuff and selling it on their own, and they order more stuff so they can sell it on your end, close down your shop. This is like a thing from the Sopranos, right? Yeah, it's called a bust out. Yeah, yeah.

A bust out, yeah. That's what they're doing, a bust out. All these idiots, they're all idiots.

And whether you're working in the DMV as a clerk, you know, reinstating people's driver's license all the way up to the president, they're morons. There's not one person that makes any sense. Now, there are people behind the scenes that, for example, going back to the Obama thing, whether it be Obamacare, there was one guy that popped out, and it was kind of hard to get someone to comment on it, and he came out and says, the reason we're doing this is because the American people are stupid.

They don't read, right? Do you remember that guy? I do remember that guy. Yeah, yeah, so you have people like that that know what's going, but the people that you, he was never supposed to be on camera. No.

He was never supposed to, because all the people that know what's going on just think everyone around them is stupid. Right, and that guy said it. So if you think everyone around you is stupid, you're doing great.

That guy said it on TV, though. That was the big deal. It was like, I can't believe this guy said this on, like, for weeks and replayed it.

Because he's one of the people that are actually doing something. The rest of them are morons, pretty much. So if you got, like, the three million government employees, there's probably less than 1,000 that are worth anything.

And that union, by the way, which they've now dragged China, Russia, and North Korea into is what they refer to as the axis of resistance, by the way. But, okay, it's true. This is another one.

It's true what the Greek always said, that we must have done something wrong to be here on this planet. Yahshua said, my kingdom is not of this world. Satan is the god of this world.

We have no business being here. Okay, I checked, does the Greek, oh, does the Greek believe that the descendants of Cain are ruling the earth? That's the follow-up on that. It's more than that, because remember, scripture is very specific of a certain area.

Like, if you read the genealogies, they didn't know that the Zulu people existed or the Moors existed, right? Right, so it's limited to a certain area. There's always something going on in parallel somewhere else, right? Yeah, like they didn't know about ancient China, let's say. Yeah, there's nothing mentioned about, you know, supposedly, yeah.

So, no, there's always something going on somewhere. And my favorite is the, where else was that? The Japanese government officially put out a map a long time ago in the 60s that showed the seven continents and then, like, Antarctica spread out and then a whole bunch of continents beyond that that we've never even seen. Have you ever seen that map? Yeah, it's weird.

It's like the world plus, yeah. Yeah, so it goes on like that. So, you know, our world, you know, like the sea, you know, our world is really small and we've been tricked in believing we're shown all of it, you see? So even scripture runs that, you know, idea.

So the descriptions might be places that we've never heard of otherwise. Yeah, there's a lot more to everything. There's a lot more than that came from, we should say.

There you go. But the God of this world and all that other stuff, this is an evil place. And when you get it down to the nuts and bolts of it, it's not run by humans at all.

And that's pretty obvious when you look at the level of deceit. There's no species that deceives its own species to the degree that humans deceive other humans. Yeah, but that's the thing.

Even when you observe the animal kingdom, right, they're not really stealing from each other like we do. And the level of deception, like for example, the bankers will kick you out on the street and take your stuff and they know you've already paid for everything more than twice. That's not a human thing, right? But that's the same thing you do with cows.

You know, you feed them until they get big and plump and ready and then you slaughter them for their meat. But here you're being slaughtered for your credit. So yeah, okay, what else? Well, let's see, this is totally a death camp place.

I'm in Canada and the local public health is now calling us and saying we have to get measles vaccines. Obviously this is- Yeah, tell them it has to be, they have to follow an affidavit. If it's not an official order by the government, they have to have a sworn affidavit that you have to have that done.

It's in the laws there. In other words, they can't make you do anything unless there's an order that's accompanied by a sworn affidavit and they can't do that. So I just wanted to let you know- And also you have privacy laws that they're evading.

So if someone asks you a question, you don't have to answer it because answering it you feel is an evasion of privacy laws. You can, right? I got you. People have done that with the census takers here in this country where- Yeah, you could say, well, you're asking me or telling me to get the measles vaccine.

What if I already have one and what if I don't have one? That's my own private business. Or if I gotten it already, I'm not gonna tell you. And if I haven't gotten it, I'm not gonna tell you.

Go look at the laws. A sworn, anything that's compelling someone to do something by judicial order or whatever has to be accompanied either an order or a warrant for arrest has to be accompanied by a sworn affidavit. A sworn affidavit, no one's gonna swear.

So, yeah. And you have the privacy laws that protect you. That's the only way- And they started back in 1974.

Yeah, that's the only way you're supposed to legitimately get probable cause is through a sworn affidavit where a witness actually swears to account that you did some damage or caused some harm. Yeah, and if they're arresting you or detaining you for it, then there's due process. They have to produce all of that again, so.

That's, what do they call it? All the countries have that, by the way. You just have to find it and know about it. Nobody knows about any of this because it's a planet of morons.

That's why I don't argue with those guys who talk about the use of the Magna Carta from 1215 or whatever, because it basically states everything is under this. Yeah, yes and no. But look, when it comes to vaccines, I think so far most of everyone that I've ever met should get vaccinated often and early.

No, that's if you don't care about surviving. Anyway- Yeah, yeah, it's a good way to get rid of a lot of people, I think, but anyway. So, outside of a bunch of feedback that said they really enjoyed the Arkham's Razor podcast there, which we posted on Patreon as a bonus.

Oh, good, okay. That's about it for the questions and comments. I covered everything pretty quickly there.

So, where else do we need to go? What else do I need to learn? Yeah, we'll just plan some theme-based sonics that we've been having, well, more questions about dreaming and stuff like that. I'll just have to think about it. That's one.

You also wanted to go more into the body. Now, I don't know if you want to continue on with that. Do we need to cover more, or should we go more into the biological vacuum? We're going to wait a little bit because I have some, myself and other people, maybe one or two others, looking into some ways to demonstrate the biological vacuum.

Ah, okay. And it's not just like years ago when I talked about biological vacuums, everybody's a vacuum cleaner, ha, ha, ha. The typical room temperature IQ people, right? They don't understand what causes a biological vacuum.

So, it's very easy to demonstrate the heart is not a pump. And there's no pumping action that it's all suction, because the capillaries, how they terminate, how is the pump going to send something forward and then pull it back, right? So, it has to be done autonomously within each capillary at the cellular level. That's very difficult to prove when you want to scale it up, right? Because a cell is, compared to, let's say, a vein, you're talking a magnitude of 100 or 1,000 times, right? So, how do you do a scale experiment and still have it visible? You'd have to have the smallest capillary tube and then something like the size of a four-inch pipe.

It gets really spooky when you look at the scale of the human body. Wasn't there a film with Raquel Welch called The Incredible Journey where they miniaturized people and injected them in to kill cancer, supposedly, or something in some way? Well, they did a few different takes on that sort of thing with the miniaturization and injection. Yeah, it's kind of fascinating.

And then they put them in a little vehicle and they're fighting blood cells and things. Yeah, it was just totally ridiculous. But yeah, the idea of scale, though, is massive.

So, it has to be done philosophically, almost Rudolf Steiner, but he's too airy-fairy. Like, Rudolf Steiner had a lot of correct ideas, but to get to the meat of what he was talking about was so airy-fairy, I just wanted, like, I felt like I was going to float away. I had to tether myself down, right? So, that's how airy-fairy he is.

But it doesn't mean that he's not correct. Fair enough. Look, I saw in the chat, there was some discussion about the shape of the kidney and foods and relating it to it.

Yeah, look, that fruit that was put up, I suggested it would be more for the kidney than the lung. And there's reasons for it. Look at how the fruit grows, also.

See, the lotus root is the lung because the way it grows in clusters and it's in water, right? Where the other fruit grows more like a regular fruit, like an apple. So, that would be more like the kidney and it actually matches the kidney better. So, yeah, there's a lot of that.

There's a term, someone will find it and probably put it in the Chitango later, about getting how certain foods and things appear to be, like, parts of the human body, right? Like, the cabbage is the brain and the lotus root is the lungs and the beans are the kidneys and the cucumber is, you know. So, whatever. Yeah, I would say that there's a term for that.

I forgot what it is, but that's not the be-all, end-all. It's the energy that, and energy is also how these things move when they grow. Like, the simplest thing to imagine to illustrate this is fruit.

When the blossom is pointing up like a flower, but once the fruit forms, the fruit is pointing down towards the ground. It gets heavier and it's trying to reach, it's trying to get to the ground because ultimately that's what happens, right? It falls off. Yeah.

I think generally that might have been called the doctrine of signatures or something because there's like a signature shape to different, especially fruit, like you were saying. It's a- Yeah, but it's the energetic, not just the way it looks, the way it grows, right? Yeah, but it's- So, that's why when you take fruit, you feel good for a moment or a little bit and then you want to crash, right? It brings you down, believe it or not. Fruitarian diets always do that.

You want to sleep a lot. What they call a sugar crash. Yeah, they call it, but it's not, it has nothing to do with sugar.

Yeah, but that's- It has to do with the energy of, yeah. I'm just saying that's what they call it, but the anatomical shapes that match something is also an indicator, but it's not the only thing. Like you said- Because of the energy, and it's, in other words, an archetype.

Yeah, okay, an archetype. There you go. Well, there's some words and phrases for you.

I'm not sure if they're exactly correct. Because we live in such a limited archetypical kind of structure here. This existence that we have, 3D, it seems complex.

We're amazed that it's complex, but it's actually very simple once you understand universal principles. It's all made of the same stuff. It's hydrogen-based, by the way.

The other thing you have to get your mind around if you're going to assemble a biological vacuum, we're not carbon-based. We're hydrogen-based. Hydrogen-based, okay.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's a, yeah, it seems like I'm just contraire on everything, right? It does seem that way, but then again, like I said, there's a bit of a logic to it with observe. I mean, you can observe stuff like, what is it, broccoli and cauliflower very much look like the brain, you know, to me.

I mean, just simple examples like that. The lobes, yeah. The lobes of the brain, fine.

But the cabbage more so. Okay. And cross-section.

So neither one is fully like the brain, right? In other words, your point on the broccoli and cauliflower and the point on the, they do look like the lobes, or let's say, or the lobing, but the cauliflower overall is more, but neither one is, but they're close. Yeah. Right, the lotus root is really close to the bronchi.

It's not for the entire lungs, by the way. The lotus root is for the bronchi. Okay.

So when the bronchi either are too expansive, pneumonia, or too contractive, asthma, right? Now, the lotus root, you don't wanna do if you have asthma, because if you ever handled lotus root, it's very dense, very difficult to cut, right? It's like sugarcane. You ever cut sugarcane? It's really dense. I can imagine something like that, or ginger root.

Okay, ginger. It's harder than ginger root. Wow.

Yeah, so you don't wanna, if you have a contractive issue, you don't want it. You want it when you have a loose issue with the lungs. And most people misinterpret expelling a phlegm and mucus as a loose condition.

No, no, loose, expelling mucus and phlegm through the mouth and orally and the nose is loss of body vacuum on the young part of the body. A loose condition in the lungs is something different. It's more like a pneumonia where it stays in the lungs.

It doesn't come up, doesn't expel. Right. So you know what'd be interesting? I don't have the time.

I probably will never do it, but discussing more of like the basics, and this is gonna help, quote unquote, God forbid, heaven forbid, young parents, right? Oh boy. With children, right? You know how young parents are major targets for the medical industry, you know? Well, because they can't talk to the baby, so they bring them to them. Yeah, and all the time for the slightest things, yeah.

And the thing is, I can't stand it when people are having babies and all that. I'm like, how dare you have a child? Unless you know you're raising the next messiah. And when I say that, I'm not talking about the J-E-S-U-S, I'm talking about a messiah that's gonna come out with a thing and really bring hell on earth to end all the shit going on, right? That kind of a messiah, right? So- When I was young, I definitely thought my children would be very impactful and would definitely shake things up.

That's what I thought. Yeah, everyone does. Everyone thinks they have, you know.

We need, like, Genghis Khan, Adolf Hitler, Joseph Stalin, Andrew Jackson all wrapped up in one. Yikes. It'll probably be blue-eyed, red-haired, and seven-foot tall.

Male or female, doesn't matter. They kind of did that in a G.I. Joe cartoon years ago. They called him Serpentor, where they went around and they got, like, Hitler and some Egyptian, you know.

Well, by the way, Hitler has a really bad rep. He was very mild-mannered, you know? He was an artist. He was kind of a terrible artist.

He was a flunky. He tried a whole bunch of stuff. He was thrown in jail for, you know, protesting whatever, the woke movement.

What was going on with the gray shirts, and they became the brown shirts, the Democrats. What they call the beer hall, pushed, and pushed, or whatever, yeah. Yeah, they were against the woke movement.

They were against transsexual stuff, and prostitution, and all that stuff that's been going on with the Biden administration was what was going on. Pre-1933 Germany was going on for more than a decade, since after World War I, and it was put on by, basically, Jewish intellectuals from Brooklyn and Germany. That's why they went after the Jews.

They didn't go after the Jews, per se, because you could look this up. I think it's University of Kansas has written a paper trying to examine the fact why there were 100,000 practicing Jews in the German National Socialist Wehrmacht, in the army. There are 100,000 practicing Jews in the German army under Hitler.

So how could they be going after Jews? You see, we've been given a bill of goods that is, yeah, just bullshit. But yeah, Stalin, he was just ruthless. He didn't want intelligent people around him.

He wanted stupid people around him, because he couldn't sleep if he had intelligent people around him. So it sounds like the current state of the United States. But actually, like I said earlier, there probably are some intelligent people, and I'm sure they don't last very long.

If you want to know what the current United States is, it's BlackRock and Vanguard, by the way. It's not, anyway. Oh, they own a piece of everything.

You can see that publicly. Yeah, they're like combined 20 trillion on books or 10 trillion on the books. That's what they're showing, right? And that's their controlling.

And actually, the guy from BlackRock came out and said, with the Biden, you're going to take on this new movement, the BLM and the woke stuff, or you're going to suffer consequences. Remember that? He did a speech. This is the new way of stuff, with the trannies and all that and the Black Liberation Movement or whatever, Black Lives Matter.

Black Liberation Movement and Black Lives Matter, right? BLM, right? You're going to have to put up with all that, or you're going to suffer consequences. So they're trying to tell you, they're just trying to push. So what happened after the woke movement, after World War I in Germany, you had the Reichstag, supposedly, which was the 9-11 here.

It doesn't quite parallel, and then the National Socialist Party. So now you have Trump, who's going to do the... So when people say Trump is like a dictator or like a Hitler, they're not far off, but it's the Disney, Elon Musk version. It's the Disney of it, right? That's the one thing.

Look, there's two things missing, is that he needs a war that needs to go on, like an actual war where we're involved directly. That's not going to happen. And the other thing he needs is a Reichstag fire, an inciting event, right? A 9-11, which will get everybody saying, well, we need to stay behind the leader.

That's not going to happen either, because of cell phones. Well, there you go. So you have to have something happen that's going to be with AI, an AI war.

Where AI starts, they blame it on AI, starts taking down infrastructure and killing people. And then that way, since nobody understands it, it'll work out fine. Yeah, but you'll have to wait a few years for that.

So Trump won't be alive, probably, by the time that really comes in. So who's the next figure in? No, it's only just a few years, like 2027 or so. Well, he's what, almost 80.

I mean, he don't look healthy. Well, which Trump are you talking about? Oh, I don't know. You know, when they brought the... Yeah, you know what I mean? When they brought the... I doubt these people are real.

When they brought the Department of Homeland Security lady into the hospital earlier for an allergic reaction, I was wondering about that too. Did you read about that? No, no, I don't. No, no.

No, you don't really read. I try not to, yeah. Because you missed a whole lot.

I do a lot of reading, but not that kind of stuff. But I get where you, yeah. I think that we're in a, what is it? Star Wars, the Clone Wars, right? Clone Wars.

We are in the Clone Wars. I think there are more... Remember, we were being warned in the 70s and 80s about human robotoids replacing politicians. That's true.

They call them robotoids, which has nothing to do with robots, you know, like an Erector set. Androids, no, it has to do with cloning, yeah, so. Exactly.

So, yeah, I definitely noted that. So anyway, we got the dreams thing and you... Yeah, more on the human body. We'll see what transpires in the next couple of weeks.