Hey, Rated Y, and what are we on, 193, Greek, how are you doing? We're going to hear some noise because you're outside, maybe, we'll see. Yeah, I'm building a deck sort of thing, and I'm trying to make use of all the daylight. When you're in a swing of things, you don't want to stop.

Yeah, ladies know about that. Don't stop now. Yeah, kind of thing.

But yeah. You know what's funny? I have a strange question that almost fits exactly, dovetails perfectly with where you're going right there. So let me go there first.

Go for it. I was going to save this for last, but I'm going to reverse it because things change as we're growing. Somebody asked about emo work, right? And they asked about masturbation.

Okay, now, you're obviously doing something that's emotional, and if you're picturing things, you know, in the old days, not using the Internet, etc., blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Does that relate to emo work? Because does that do something? Yeah, remember that. Yeah.

That's what there is. Remember that. There's an emo there.

What is it? You know, you could do your own diagnosis. Is it giving? Is it taking? Is that a part of... Well, it depends on what you're picturing, doesn't it? I mean... Is it... You know how the animals do things from... It's the animalistic nature that wants to procreate, right? Is it that? You know, because... Right. Wilhelm Reich showed there's a separation between the emotional release or the mental release of that versus just the bodily fluids and the procreation aspect.

Right. Is there a mix there? I personally, this part of my life, sex is for having babies. There's other aspects to it.

You know, you could have a sexual arousal and all that. It has nothing to do with wanting to procreate. Right? So it would be that aspect of it.

I don't know. I haven't really dealt... I haven't given it a lot... I haven't done much mind work on it to see how to direct such a question. But there is a separation between the mental health of an individual, let's say, and the need to procreate, right? So there's a separation there.

And then how much is the need to procreate really separated from who we really are, from the emotional needs? That needs to be worked out, I think, more than what William Reich did, because he used it as a form of therapy. And of course, I don't know if I would say the times back then were more like sexually restrictive or pent up. I mean, that's the propaganda we get.

If you watch stuff from the 1930s or whatever, man, are they suggestive, you know? So I don't think they were that repressed. I don't think there's much repression. I think that's propaganda.

And it's more individual. Yeah. And that's the thing, is that the culture shifts and propaganda shifts, and the reality is always a bunch of crap.

Because, you know, they tell you all about, oh, gee, you know, back we were much more repressed in the 1800s and this and that. Meanwhile, if I read very carefully and just take a look at, like, the history of the Civil War, what they preserved, I mean, there's a whole lot of action taking place where people are trying to tamp down all sorts of STDs. People are getting the clap left and right.

They're having issues because of the prostitution. There's huge prostitution rings. Whole cities were taken over by prostitution rings during the Civil War.

Yeah, yeah. Well, yeah. Of course, mining towns and, you know, game towns.

But it's not, you know, look, if the prostitutes, it's like saying they got food poisoning because they ate at restaurants. But I'm not making a judgment here. I'm just saying, just think about this, because this is part of the propaganda, not that you're putting it out, but it is laden with it.

Like, well, they had STDs because of all the prostitutes. No, that's like saying they got food poisoning because they ate at restaurants. You get it? It's the same exact thing.

So in other words, the reason why you get food poisoning in restaurants is because of how the restaurants manage themselves hygienically. The reason there was STDs because of prostitutes is because they're dirty hoes versus clean hoes. No, I get it.

Right. I was just pointing out what I found in the documents, what they were saying. The Department of the Army was saying this.

The whole thing. Yeah. That has to be rethought.

And I've never really given enough perspective from, let's say, what can be said about the entire sexuality thing. I've just lately just put a cap on it and say, hey, if you're not interested in having babies, get away from it. It's not necessary.

But there is the arousal part. There is all these other things. Yeah, that has to be considered.

Because we live in a society that promotes sex, which means the birth rate will go down. And it is, right? But that's the thing. It is a serious consideration in emo, though, because there is a strong proclivity toward this.

I mean, I know that nowadays there are people that claim to be asexual and this and that and blah, blah, blah. But the thing is, it is a key component to somebody's emotional structure, I think. Well, the ones that are like that are the ones like protect the children.

And it turns out they're the ones that are actually molesting the children. If it's put out in the mainstream, it's the opposite. The moment I see somebody screaming about, you know, pedophiles over and over and over again, it's like either they're the ones that are.

Yeah. Yeah. Either they're a victim.

Right. Right. Exactly.

That kind of thing. So, you know, they say, well, I'll just throw something in there. I don't even know if it's online anymore.

Oh, the Vatican molested a child or whatever. It was a boy was 15 or 16 or 14. You know what? The age of consent that the Vatican is.

I think it's twelve. Thirteen. Okay.

I was thinking thirteen. But twelve or thirteen. Yeah.

Yeah. So, you know, these things are propaganda. There's by the way, I discovered a YouTube channel looking at it.

I don't really fully endorse him, but he's a good listen. If you're familiar with stuff I've spoken of, it's called Middle Nation Shaheed something. OK.

Used to be a professor or something. And he talks about Middle East and how the world is abandoning the West and all that stuff. I talked about 15, 20 years ago, how it's coming into fruition.

I mean, he's new on this and he can make some very valid points from a good, fresh perspective against the propaganda. So because it's not right or left. And he is correct about, look, you want to clean up a society, make them Islamic.

I didn't say they should be, you know, clean them up because religion goes into every aspect of your life if you take it seriously. Now, recommending someone to become Christian is just ridiculous. That's just like everybody go get a lobotomy and get on that.

So my stuff, you know, whatever. No, that's just that should be like never even considered or done. Now, if you say from a social perspective, convert people to Judaism because they have laws and rules and all that.

No one face it. No one wants to be a Jew in this world. Still, you frown down or whatever.

Now, the propaganda shows that, by the way, most people think I'm Jewish because I say I'm an Old Testament guy, including most of the Greek people that I meet. They equate it all the time because of your mentions of the Old Testament. They say, oh, you must be, you know, a pseudo Jewish.

And yeah, he thinks that a lot of these Greeks I've spoken to, which is like two or three, say that I'm a Jew that just happens to know some Greek that calls themselves the Greek to hide it. And it's the opposite. Right.

Right. I'm not hiding that. You know, I'm not Jewish.

I don't have to hide. Anyway. So beware of Greeks bearing gifts and beware of Greeks bearing comments.

But anyway, beware of anybody. If you go Islamic, you have the rules and you have a certain composure where there's a priority on your behavior. Actually, it's very misunderstood, you know, and it's actually not bad.

It's very submissive. You know, the word Muslim means a submissive right to be a submissive, submissive. So that is a good thing for a temporary fix.

I don't know how you could put a religion. Has it ever been done? Put a temporary religion on people. You got to do this for 10 years or 20 years to fix your society.

I don't know. Probably. Yeah.

It seems like people personally do that a lot of times, you know, they go through a time period where they're kind of hell raisers and then they find, you know, religion for a little while, they always say. And and then after a while, everything sort of levels out again. And it's not all about the religion and AA and everything else, whatever.

I've watched people go through that cycle. Interesting. I looked at this Middle Nation channel.

You're talking about the guy who looks like I hate to put it this way, but I hear I think of it as part of black YouTube at this point. He looks. No, no.

He looks like the architect in the Matrix. Yes. That's the guy there.

But he uses the symbology here of like with the the black, the black, the red and the green and white all together. I'm not familiar with that. That's a that's a West Asian, African, what do you call Southern world colors? Yeah.

But anyway, I just want to throw it out there, because a lot of the stuff is stuff that I spoke about a long time ago and he fills it in with current affairs. Look, I'm not endorsing being Muslim, but but I'm not endorsing being any religion. But his point of fixing and cleaning up like, you know, you don't get him.

You don't get impoverished becoming Muslim, actually, because it's a form of communism in a way. Right. The no interest in this.

That right. OK. Well, shouldn't you say that? That's not true.

It's not a form of communism. I was going to. If you turn Christian, you're going to be impoverished because the Christian religion is a rich man's religion.

I was the rich people funded because the main point is you can do anything. All laws are done away with. And guess who you get? Where are you going to get your laws automatically from the rich people at the state? Also, it tells people, don't worry about acquiring wealth here because your wealth is somewhere else up in the sky.

Right. Right. So it's perfect.

So it's perfect. So they don't have to invest in control apparatus. The Christianity is so that the minimum investment in the protection apparatus for the elite minimum.

Right. So and it's the most hypocritical, totally hypocritical, hypocrisy. So when the elites say the absolute something is absolute in the next day, change it.

They're not called them hypocrisy because the people's religion is based on it. So anyway, if you want to degrade and demoralize the people, it's Christian. Right.

Well, look, what did they do to the native cultures in the state? Right. Right away. Make them Christian so we can get rid of them.

Right. Very interesting. Because you get rid of you basically wind up surrendering all possessions because your real possessions aren't here.

They're in the next life. So don't worry about this. Well, the main thing is that there is no law.

There's no law. But, you know, you have to have some order. And because the law has been done away with subconsciously, they put in the state's laws, which is all commercial.

Anyway. And, of course, you've got to do what's Christianity without Sunday. You know, there's the Seventh-day Adventist and all that for Saturday, but it makes you a strict adherent to the Pope's work schedule.

Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's terrible.

Well, here in the South, not necessarily because you're going to church all different days here in the South. I mean, you got church Wednesday, Thursday, every day, all the time, you know. Yeah.

Yeah. But that's that's because, again, the hypocrisy. You know, you got to it's about people have a lot of energy.

And if you don't give them something to do, they're going to do what they they might actually educate themselves. So what else you got? There you go. OK.

So somebody did. Here's a random thing. If they asked, have you checked out any of the Zen cooking books from the Oshawa Foundation? I don't know what that is.

Do you? Never heard. I've heard of Zen and that is actually a pretty good mindset, but not the not one that gets advanced in for Western cultures, which it is more of a Western thing. But no, I haven't checked out those cookbooks.

OK. The main thing about food is think about it as a car. If I put this fuel in the car, is it going to gunk up my engine? Is it going to give me the power that I need? Is the engine going to run rough? Is the engine going to run smooth? Right.

Is it contaminated? You know, water and fuel is a contaminant. Right. So think of it, not that you're burning anything.

People think of food on the daily, even on a park daily, like, well, this is what I have for breakfast, what I have for lunch, what I have for dinner. And that's it. But, you know, what you ate yesterday for lunch is still mixing what you're eating today for lunch.

Right. Right. In some capacity, energetically.

The main thing. Let me just make a little interjection here. Total segue into something.

Laundry. I've been a laundry buff my whole life. And if anybody here, especially guys, well, women also, if you notice that your clothes, even though they're clean and dry, you put them in the closet, you think they're fresh and you get this sense of B.O. and you use more soap and the B.O. is still there and all that.

I've done some experiments because I've been playing around with soaps and this experiment lasted about two years. And there's something about biodynamic emergence where things emerge. Now, they say they find bacteria that cause these odors.

So the body odor, which is the bacteria are found, but they're now come from somewhere else. They emerge from the chemistry and the energy. So when you use a particular soap and you like it for a long time, the chemical constituents in that formula is going to breed a particular bacteria that's going to give off a certain smell.

So the way you fix that is by changing soap simply like, for example, give an example. I have like some dress shirts that they're casual shirts, you know, button up and all that long sleeve, you know, and no matter how much I washed them, they had B.O. And I said, OK, this is an emergent. In other words, something is starting to grow here that it gives me an unpleasant smell.

It's, you know, it's just like it's supposed to smell fresh and it doesn't smell like body odor even after doing a triple wash on it with extra soap and rinses and all this other stuff. Immediately, as soon as I switched to soap, I went from powder to a liquid or a different powder or whatever. The B.O. in the mildest clean went away and it's gone and it probably be gone for a few months to a year.

Then it will return if you continue using the same soap. So my advice to fresh smelling laundry is it's not one of those things, you know, like a cigarette brand. You know, I've been smoking camels for 40 years.

It's the only one I like. OK, laundry, you know, or I drink just Pepsi or Coca-Cola because that's what I like. I'm a, you know, I'm a Miller guy, you know, my whole life.

No, no, no, no, no. That doesn't work with laundry soap. You must change laundry soap brands now.

It's important. I'm saying brands because each brand has its own distinct formula that even though they seem the same, they're slightly enough different that each one will emerge a different type of condition where you will have a body odor in the clothes that does not go away. And I am so happy.

I am so happy because I got to the point where all the clothes were clean in the closet and I have a pretty good ozone machine and I kept ozonating and it just made it worse. I was like, what am I going to do here? You know, I don't know what I ever said. Hey, your clothes is B.O. I smell it.

That's enough. Right. So and I just want to share this with people, because if you do notice a closet of someone or yourself, the clothes are all fresh and clean, but you still have this body odor.

Just change your soap. I think every three to six months, go to a different soap and that will go away immediately. That's why this is a big achievement.

I mean, it doesn't take much to make me happy. So this made me very happy. Oh, fair enough.

Look, sometimes the smallest things. Right. Oh, my gosh.

Yeah. Anyway. Yeah.

So. All right. I did the thing about the cookbooks.

Home clean. OK. Home cleansing.

The idea, you know, people that burn sage and, you know, do prayers and this and that. Well, they're not. That works.

All that works. But. OK.

It's just like the laundry soap. When you do something, you ever go to an old person's house, has that old person smell. Right.

Guess what? Because they're always doing the same exact thing. They set the clock. They have to eat the same food at the same time.

Right. And they do all the same stuff. And that from that condition emerges the stale whatever.

And the things that are happy in that stale custom environment will stay there. So when you burn sage, it's like the laundry thing. You just change the entire condition and whatever made itself at home now has to leave.

Right. Now, you might say a logical mind might say, well, now you're inviting the entities that bring the sage. Yeah.

That, too. But at least you're not in stagnation. It's really to stop stagnation, stop mental, spiritual, physical.

Well, they were spiritual stagnation is bad also. Of course. And they were asking a couple of things like, is there a particular time of day that's best to do this? Well, think of it this way.

The time of day when you ask that question, it's a loaded question because the day ends at noon. Mm hmm. All right.

Right. So time of day is do you want to do it at the end of the day, at the beginning of the day? Well, if you want to do it at the end of the day, you do it right before noon. You can start.

You want to do it at the beginning of the next day. You do it just right after noon. Well, I was just going to say you could do both and cover it because it could take you, you know, say 10 minutes if you start at five minutes.

And you covered both. Yeah. Yeah.

Then you cover both. Would that not be a good way to go? Or that would be the best way to go because you've covered two days in one shot in 15 minutes. So you actually it would be an hour.

It'd be the first hour, last hour. Yeah, I would do it. I would do it around then or at night when it's dark out late because that's when the ether is the most compressed and you're going to get more bang for your buck.

Well, see, that was the thing I was going to ask you about, too, is that, you know, would it be better to do it then? Because this is when spiritually things are more quiet. I hear you. It's all right.

Oh, yeah. Let me let me move around here. No problem.

We have someone that's got dogs that doesn't know how to take care of dogs. They don't know that dogs have different voices for different communications. So you get the most bang for your buck a little before noon and into a little bit afternoon because that's covers two days and also at nighttime, late at night when the ether is the most compressed.

Well, see, like, you know, for most compressed, but also we talked before about there's sort of less traffic because there's less, you know, going on. So people are more. Yeah.

The airwaves are cleaner. Yeah. So that would that would be another time.

But what do you think? Later noon. Yeah. Later noon.

Yeah. Late at night. And late at night would be midnight.

Ten, eleven, twelve. One, two. OK.

Anywhere between there. And some people, if you work in a live in a community that people get up early to work, they might wake them up in the middle of night, call, you know, like, what the hell is burning, you know? So you have to adjust it for where you live. And also, you're not I'm not at home at noon because I got a job or you're either way.

Yeah. So, yeah, that's what I. Oh, by the way, there's research that's been done. I have to dig it up.

But when the spirit leaves the body, it takes longer to leave at night, right, because it's denser. Everything's compressed. Right.

Then someone who dies in the morning or around noon where it would just fly out, right, because everything's expanded. More suction in the atmosphere. Yeah.

I know ether. It covers physical and spiritual, you know, mental and physical. Right.

Like I noted, quite honestly, that in the single numbered hours of daylight, right in the early morning is when I would know most of the time this is when people died of old age and things. Well, regardless of when you die, this the the the spirit leaving the body, like if you study, like, for example, this is a hypothecation and ease. The people that had most more detail are the ones that died when it was nighttime because they hovered over the operating table or wherever, saw themselves and the ones that had less to say, because they really flew away and had stories where they were a way away.

It was more when they died during the day. OK, very simple. This is all simple.

Universal principles apply to everything the same. So when something is expanded, what are the qualities of something expanded, what a rarefied right? Thinner. What are the qualities of something compressed and condensed, denser? It doesn't matter if it's physical, mental, spiritual.

The same thing goes with thought, spirit, everything. Universal principle is just that universal principle would be someone who is a technical software and hardware guy for video. He knows everything about the program, the digital video, including how it's going to manifest on the screen for people to view.

It knows everything about that. That's how he knows how the machine works and the code. And he knows how it's actually translated into an image.

That's right. That guy. That's what universal principle.

That guy's the most people I know. I just do software or hardware, you know, some hardware. Right.

And the guy who does hardware doesn't know software. See that? That's the slave stuff. Right.

So. Right. That's that's how you keep it compartmentalized like they do in intelligence work.

OK. So with that, you know, it's kind of funny. I have one other question, but just one weird thing.

Yin and yang. Right. Is there a particular like to apply that to the time of day? Well, how about that? Expansive and contractive.

Yeah. So during the day, it's expanded at night. It's contracted.

So nighttime is young and daytime is that's I mean, I'm just pointing it out is that I'm just right. I mean, because we were going to give it to you and it's lean because the sun is very young. So it creates a yin effect.

Right. Just like, for example, fire is very young. But when you heat something, it expands, which is yin.

Right. And it becomes something that's becoming right. And because it has heat in it, but it's more young, even though it's a balance.

So when you put fire, which is young on a piece of metal and it expands, that's a yin reaction. But the metal takes on that heat, which makes it more young than it was before. But it's also more yin because it expanded state of balance.

And that's when you work with metal. That's why, for example, people that cut copper all day and plumbing or whatever, I said, you know, if you have that copper at 86 degrees, it'll cut so much better. They're like, oh, come on, it's 78 in here, 86 degrees to make that much of a difference.

I'm like, yeah, try it. They're like, oh, my gosh, that's a big difference. Right.

Because everything has this little sweet spot. That's true. Right.

That's true. So. OK, so I have one more universal question, but you had something else that you wanted to bring up outside of the laundry or just the laundry.

That's a major thing. I mean, that thing is like if you ask me, what's the most exciting thing I've discovered in the last six months, it's that. Well, another thing, though, just about the laundry, quick question is I had this problem and I threw a bunch of different things at it and I'm not even sure what finally solved it.

But the machine had a smell that I couldn't get rid of that was putting it on all the clothes for a while. And it wasn't B.O. It was something else. And I don't even know.

The machine itself is not self-cleaning. They get very dirty. machine that you have changing the bearing where you have to remove the drum and disassemble all the wet workers and see how scummy and shitty it is.

I have made a small high pressure nozzle hose, quarter inch hose that goes between the inner and outer drum. And I spray just toilet bowl cleaner. You don't want to use acid.

It's a strong acid, but you do it quickly. If people that put vinegar in their in their wash, that's OK. But if you do it often, all the rubber hoses and seals will disintegrate very quickly.

I discovered this a long time ago when I used vinegar and a pressure spray bottle was pump spray bottles and it dissolved the diaphragm in three days, turned it into black powder. Oh, crap. So good.

The washing machine people don't tell you that because it's a three to five hundred dollar service call. They like doing it. It's an easy job for them to change the drain hose, the internal one.

But yeah, you have to clean the washing machine. I use steam. I have a very hot water and a very fine nozzle that goes through the tiny little holes in the drum front loader, top loader.

Top loaders always work better because of gravity. You think. Yeah.

So I'm very I'm disgusted at washing machines because when I grew up, washing machines were 30, 40 years old, still working now every five years. You've got to get one. It doesn't matter if you spend five hundred bucks on one or two thousand.

Yeah. Yeah. And that's the consensus.

Someone would say, oh, I have mine for 10 years. Well, that's a rarity. Right.

Yeah. At this point. Right.

It's like someone saying they're married for 20 years. You know, it's a rarity. Right.

You look back at grandma. Grandma had her, you know, her knives for for 40 years. No problem.

That's different. The reason why. Well, knives could last a thousand years.

But what I mean is the washing machines, they've decided to really work with the big department stores. Yeah. So it's a it's a it's a long story, but it's pretty easy to figure out once you do a little research.

It's another story of planned obsolescence. Right. I mean, like you and I. Yeah.

It's definitely planned obsolescence, like the printer that stops working because you made too many copies. Yeah. Like you and I. It's an electronic command of the iPhone that I'm using.

Yeah. Like you and I talked about the iPhone just before we started recording and it was like your iPhone's not working now too well. So yeah.

Anything other than the telephone will not give me it will not give me a tone no matter what. And if you go to adjust the tone setting, the button is disabled like it has no effect. They're pretty shitty company.

I mean, pretty bad. They're all pretty shitty. They're all, you know, there is no Apple or Android or Microsoft or whatever.

Samsung. They're all the powers behind. Once you have a business that goes over one hundred and fifty million dollars a year, you've surrendered it to the the oligarchy.

They take control of it. Complete control. I heard from someone who's been in business for a while now, it's as little as five to ten million a year.

You make sure that they got a pretty good sense of what you're doing. I'm talking about full control of the company. Wow. 

So so, you know, everyone's on board. Right. So so I've only got one more piece of feedback input question here, and it's kind of a weird one. 

But they were listening to some of the early ones and you talking about, you know, I'm just here taking notes and this kind of thing. And we talked in early on about what would you do if an alien showed up or this or that? And they didn't get an answer in this in this listening to that about, OK, what would you say if someone did literally show up and they just happened to drop in front of you particularly? They want to know. And they said, look, we just discovered this place and we want to take notes. 

We want to observe what's going on here. Where would you send them? What would you tell them? This is the question they have. Well, can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you because there you go.

OK, I just lost the head for a moment. Sorry, you're good. You have to rephrase.

Just paraphrase it. So if someone showed up and like I said, as a rescue mission to get the Greek out here, I mean, no, if somebody showed up and all they said is, look, we just discovered this place exists. Oh, you mean a real I mean, someone who actually saw the advertisement I put out and answered it and we just found this place.

What do you want to tell us? Well, what do you want to tell us? And also, where should we go and what should we see to take no place? So where'd you come from? Wherever you came from, go back and leave. You know, it's easy. I said that before.

There's a billboard on the back of the moon. This is your last chance. If you pass this, if you see if you can read this, you'll probably be visible by surface-toiling earth inhabitants, which are morons with very little exception.

So our recommendation of the council, Intergalactic Council or whatever, as we found through many years of experience with these idiots, that the best thing is to turn back and do not engage in anything. If you do engage anything, you say we'll confuse them. So you can enter at your own risk.

Yeah. They have a very toxic environment. Kind of like they don't. 

Yeah. So kind of like a warning beacon they put out in Star Trek, right, where they go, OK, we don't want anybody to go near this planet or the system. We're going to put out a beacon here that says this place is dangerous.

Don't go. Yeah, there wouldn't be much. The first thing is leave.

There's nothing to learn here. And you want me to prove that? Look at the ask the inhabitants what they've learned here. And it's kind of like if you want to know whether you should vote or not, have a five minute conversation with a voter.

You've heard that something like that. Yeah. You know how dumb they are.

So the same thing. There's not much here. No, no. 

And don't be fooled by the beauty. Like the people. You're not being fooled. 

You take it in. You take it in. That's why, like people go to prostitutes.

It's a momentary whatever. And then you go on. It's a moral.

There's a moral issue. There is no moral issue with saying, I like how beautiful the flowers look and smell and how beautiful the sunset is and all that and the beautiful things or whatever here. But that's just small and temporary extraction, like a snippet or a thumbnail of what's going on here.

The the real truth that I keep saying this is I've spoken to several people and advise them. In other words, people, especially during the Obama age, they were retirement Obama age. Yeah, it was the Obama years to go off the grid.

They thought the country was going to tank. And I said, no, it's not going to take. It's actually going to get a resurgence and get ultra conservative.

And it's going to the Middle East is going to be the anyway we're going to be more isolationist. And they said, if you go off grid, everything's going to cost five times as much all your fuel and energy. And you'll notice that everything in nature wants to kill you.

Yeah. And like two or three of them came back and said, yeah, it's just like that, man. It was beautiful, but it sucks.

Everything wants to kill you, everything, the bugs, the animals, the environment. Yeah. So it's a constant thing.

By the way, one thing I want to interject that I haven't gotten into much is, you know, the seasonal attitude or the seasonal outline of how affairs happen, like spring is building up, planting, planting, planting. Summer is building up and growing. Fall is tearing down.

Harvest winter is a time where you don't plant and grow and tear down. It's an in-between time where you do things that you couldn't do or didn't shouldn't have done while you were planting, growing and harvesting. Right. 

So give an example of that. You know, spring, you plant your seeds. Summer, you grow and have some summer harvest.

Fall, you have your main harvest. You take care of all your of your business debts and income, whatever. And then the winter is when you put a new roof on your house, you fix your wagon, you go on a long trip.

Right. This is the agricultural basis for life. So from a basic societal point of view, stuff that happens in the spring is planting something that will probably grow in the summer.

And things that happen in the fall are tearing down events. That's why every financial crash is always in October or September. And that's also when people are harvesting, because that's when the financial crashes happen. 

That's when people really make their money. But yeah. Yeah, that also it's also tearing down.

Right. Wintertime is when the really weird shit comes up. Like, you know, somebody did something weird.

Like, you know, India launches a satellite into space like India. I mean, they they still have a caste system with untouchables and the curry. And how the hell do they sell a satellite? What? So anyway, you'll see these patterns throughout.

So I didn't talk much about the fuckery going on this spring. I didn't get a sense, like with covid, they announced the Federal Reserve and the treasurer announced covid on the Passover, the biblical Passover, not the Jewish one. And like 9-11, the one that happened in 2001 happened on the Day of Atonement, the biblical one, not the Jewish one, meaning the 10th day of the seventh month.

So covid was announced on the on the 13th day, the end of the 13th day of the first month. And that's not January 13th, dickheads. I mean, the people are trying to tell me, well, that means this.

I had a message from someone who's like, you know, the Bible says what it means and means what it says. If it's the 13th day of the first month, it's got to be January. I mean, total retarded shit sometimes I get, but not much, by the way, for the thousands of messages I've gotten, I've gotten maybe two or three memorable, really dumb asses, which is excellent.

That's like point one point zero one percent. That's pretty good. I wish I could say that.

Yeah. Oh, my gosh. I'm actually blessed completely.

Like, you know, I shouldn't use that word either, but you know what I mean? I endowed with a very responsible listenership, but the fuckery going around this spring, we're in the middle of spring now on summer. We had 100 degree temperatures for two days in Tucson, broke a record like 10 degrees above the historical record. I wonder if anybody's doing weather work in California.

But anyway, I'm not. I could be to mitigate it. But the fuckery going around in, did I say fuckery? Going a medical term, going around this springtime and all that.

The main thing I didn't notice anything threatening. But I did notice that the there was a big move to do this tariff thing. Right. 

A middle nation does talk about the tariff thing. It's just to isolate. And, you know, it's really interesting in how stupid people are.

Manufacturing, it supposedly protects the American wherewithal and resources here nationally. All those were cut. All the.

What do you manufacture? Well, all the factories began to be shut down in the late 60s, for sure, in the 70s and 80s. Yeah. And the only thing is little cottage industry, a little mom and pop stuff, which is what Covid was supposed to get rid of.

And the tariffs are going to make it even harder because the big businesses know how to use bills of exchange. The little business guy does not. So if a little guy that does a quarter of a million in business a year gets bills that are 50 grand, he's out of business.

He doesn't know how to handle those bills. He sees it as something he has to send out using from the earnings from his business. They don't understand that the big corporations, they have private accountants and attorneys that know how to use bills of exchange.

You know, there's no money. Right. So just the way you write a certain paper makes it money.

That's why I keep saying, how can Apple be worth a trillion net? Because that means that everyone on the planet would have to buy at least a thousand dollars worth of Apple products every year. I sure as hell I don't. I don't.

So it's all bills of exchange, negotiable instruments. So combined with the high tariffs and the small business, people don't know how the money system works. So when someone sends them a bill for a thousand dollars, they think they have to take it out of the income that they earn.

They don't know that that bill is actually a check. You know, I mean, it's ridiculous. So for their own ignorance, we'll put them under.

Yeah, I just see a slow turndown, more more of the what you saw COVID do is what the tariffs are going to do. But in a different way, it's a small business to business in general.