The Sonic entity known as H.E.V.A. has been created. And I'll tell you why. I got objections to Led Zeppelin, and I'll shut up after this and let you roll.

But the thing about that is Led Zeppelin to me is exactly how they made fun of it on that cartoon show. They called them lifted riffs because they ripped off, and I realize every musician's a thief, but they ripped off hundreds of musicians and didn't pay them and all kinds of lawsuits. And it's ridiculous.

Led Zeppelin. Songwriters, manager was a thief and a murderer. I mean, you know, come on.

Yeah. But here's the thing. So this is exactly the people's.

What's your favorite food? I mean, I can only tell you what I'm craving right now, like chocolate babka. And Trader Joe's fortunately has one that has like a Brooklyn recipe, you know, Ukrainian bakeries at a common Tom and Tosh and Babka. It's like a roll up dense cake, you know, like that that Yiddish kind of bakery stuff feels, you know, I crave that, you know.

So if you ask me what's my favorite food, I'll say chocolate babka, babka, babka, B.A.B.K.A. And it's like and it's not it's it's just what I'm listening. So I've been putting on Led Zeppelin lately because that reminds me of a rowdy time that I had in the early 80s and things are kind of rowdy in a good way and whatever, whatever. There's a band called Greta something that's if that's better than Led Zeppelin, a new a new or newer.

They're like 10 years old now, 10 years and a young guy sounds just like Robert Plant. Yeah. Yeah.

You know what I'm talking about? Absolutely. I can't think of it. But they're from overseas somewhere and they're pretty good.

They're not better than Robert Plant. So the thing is, when you ask me what's my favorite food, I'm going to tell you what I'm like. I'm into this week.

I never I never go all time favorite, you know, the same with music like before Led Zeppelin and a little bit of Bruce Springsteen recently because it's it's just it's just like power giving me the same power that I had in the early 80s. I'm looking for that a little bit for that. It was like underground disco.

I was listening to underground disco from Paradise Garage and like The Loft, you know, David Mancuso, stuff like that, you know, listening to some really original, creative stuff. And every once in a while, I've actually caught you listening to some R&B, some classical, some jazz. Yeah.

You know what that was? It's like because I like the underground stuff. Yes. Some of the stuff I did not recognize.

Absolutely true. But I've always been, yeah, very much. Look, I love Motown stuff.

I love the stuff that my father like. One thing like I was into Kruan Bin, Kruan Bin means airplane in Thai, Kruan Bin. And there they have like this melodic, like 1970s melodic guitar sound.

I mean, there's I do not have a favorite food. I do not have a favorite band or music. That's kind of like, you know, they always try to that.

That's whoever wrote the comment. No, no, no stain on them. But the whole thing about being here is whoever's figured out what this place is about.

The first thing they did was they hurried up and wanted to make sure to distract and deceive everyone about what's going on here. Right. You hear all these cliches.

Sure. Like, what's your favorite color? You know, you mean like right now or 10 minutes ago? Right. Or last month? You know, there's no all these things like, how about you over here? Oh, everyone's got a special talent.

You just got to find it right now. Bullshit. No, most people here are completely useless.

My taste, my taste in almost anything is in a constant, you know, state of change. It may not change a lot, but oddly, my favorite band's always been my favorite band, although my musical tastes have evolved a lot. I mean, there was a point in my life early on when I was listening to Led Zeppelin.

I didn't listen to hip hop at all because I kind of reject hip hop. You've heard me. You've called me in for Sonic and I have Wu-Tang on.

Right. Oh, yeah. No, I love that stuff.

And I love that at a certain point, but at a certain point, it became very commercial and I hated it for a while and I absolutely rejected it where it was garbage to me. And then I got back around to it and remember the old stuff and remember the original stuff. And that's the thing.

Like Zeppelin, I can remember partying with Zeppelin, too. By the way, that guy wrote again and I want to get it in. So Greek is a Led Zeppelin guy.

My personal favorite. This is this guy speaking. No, I'm not a Led Zeppelin guy, but go ahead.

I happen to reason when the question came up, that's what I was listening to that week or day. No, you already answered that. So anyway, yeah, he says Greek is Led Zeppelin.

My personal favorite is Babe, I'm going to leave you. There's something about the guitar in that song that is very trippy. There is the dark vibe in some of their songs, which is very interesting.

I wonder if the inspiration came from Jimmy Page's interest in the occult. Interesting band. OK, hold on just a second, because let me just put this when they put out, they put out their interest in the occult.

You have no choice. If you're a famous boxer, a famous rock and roll, whatever, you're going to lose a child. First of all, show me someone.

It's a famous rock person or whatever that has not lost a child, a son, usually under the age of eight. For sacrifice, they tell you they died from a stomach virus or they fell out a window like Eric Clapton or Mike Tyson, their dog got strangled, strangled herself on a treadmill. You know, so you'll hear usually children under eight years old.

They have to give up. All of Ozzy Osbourne's children are still alive. All of them are.

OK, well, he's an exception because he might be. Here's the thing. He might be more, more overt, so overt into that dark side that he doesn't need to give up one.

He'd make it because he might have bought one and brought it in. Well, he had a family, too. That's the other weird like that's the other thing.

When these guys always have a second family and they yeah. And quite often, like you said, Robert Plant lost that kid through. Yeah.

Most of them. And if you don't have if you if they demand when you have to buy one, it's easy. The hospitals are notorious when the mom when they realize the couple or the mom or whatever doesn't really want the child, they'll take the baby and say, oh, it died.

And she's like, OK, bye. And they never see the body and the child gets put on the market. Yeah.

A lot of children, like hundreds of thousands per year, go that way. You know, they just tell the mom it died. You can't see it because it's toxicology.

You know, it's already in the morgue. You know, you're young. You could have another one.

Even the FBI says, oh, you're young. You could have another one. Yeah.

So the children market is so these people's when you say the occult. Yeah. It's not a preference.

You have no choice. That's what I'm trying to say. No, I know.

Yeah, I know. Yeah. No.

But the thing about look and when I was in the Zeppelin, I was in the Zeppelin because it was fun to be around the girls that were in the Zeppelin. You know what I mean? And it was it was a good time because they weren't playing anymore. But we all had their tapes or their records or whatever.

And and it was fun. I like Houses of the Holy, too, by the way. You mentioned that album.

Yeah, that was a good. I mean, the thing is, early on, it was like, you know, I like Led Zeppelin because I can't tell. He sounds like a bitch.

Yeah. He sounds like a woman singing. You know, I mean, you know.

When I say what I refer to a woman as a bitch, it's affectionate. Right. I know.

So affectionately referred to. That's ghetto talk. But so.

Yeah, I guess. No, no. It's cool.

And look, but I just always laugh because what he called Bill Bill Burr put out a cartoon called F is for Family. And in the cartoon, there's the most popular band in the 70s is called Lifted Riffs, which is obviously Led Zeppelin. Yeah.

Well, they were. They're always the biggest people who knew music in the industry were surprised at how they did well enough to buy an airplane, right? Yeah. Fly around.

They were surprised because they were always a B level band. They were never a never considered an A class band like whatever else would you consider a class? They never made it to the A list, but they did. They acted like it.

And to tell you the truth, the greatest musicians I've ever met, seen, heard of or anything, every one of them is a thief on some level. They all stole something from somebody. I mean, it's it's never possible that anybody.

Yeah. But here's the thing is that they steal it from someone who was original and not give credit or they didn't like the person. You know, there's many reasons to do that.

I get it. Yes. And that's the thing about it.

I don't like the vibe of the way they did it. And the fact that they never paid anybody until people, you know, brought him to court and sued him over. They have no they have no choice to pay.

They don't even get paid. Yeah. They don't even get paid.

You know, because they don't read their contracts. Right. Well, that was a way to do a little bit of a diversion here.

Yeah. They got around this. Well, they got ripped off badly.

But that's the thing about contracts, though, is that. Yeah. Yeah.

But contracts. Let me just say this for people that we did the financial stuff. We stopped that because I found it to be ineffective or the people were not into it as much as I thought they would be.

But when you do the bills of exchange and you endorse a utility bill or whatever, they don't have to do it. And the reason they don't have to do it is because they feel like you're an idiot and you're a baby and you're a child and they're in charge. How dare you? So what you have to do really is with these utility companies, let's say, or whatever, is let them know that you are you have the right to be the master over that account because you're the issuer.

It was issued. You're the one that did it. And also because of the collateral in the application.

So you have to let them know that. And you also just don't let them know it like that. You send them a series of letters, meaning at least two with that regard questions almost like an like a admissions where they have to answer, you know, do you work with a financial institution? Yes.

You know, our our application information and the application itself sold or shared with third parties. Yes or no. Is the application itself a collateral security? Let them say no.

Right. You know, so you send in stuff like that and you let them know that you're the issuer according to law and any good business you you you're taking control of the contract of that account. And then you start endorsing them because then they'll say, oh, this person, you know, they do have a right to do that.

And what's coming next? They can guess. Right. But once you endorse and send it, they don't have to do it.

So we don't take that form of payment usually, usually sometimes they do. So I just wanted to put that in there because I'm still working on all that stuff, even though I'm not doing the financial group anymore. It's still moving forward.

And and it's funny, because right now I'm in the position where we're looking at everything that I'm doing is seven figures and up. Six figures now are like cigarette money. So pushed around.

You can't do anything with six figures. Right. You need seven figures.

You what I mean is to get a building in California, six hundred thousand gets you a six hundred square foot wooden house with no insulation. It looks like it looks like a shack, right? Half a house, maybe not even. Yeah, not even.

So so seven. Everything now is seven figures. You know, close to eight figures.

And that's what I'm working with. And and I ain't going to go to put the money in a bank account, transfer it. No, because. 

Yeah. So we're going to be using all this stuff and it has to move forward. And I'm trying to figure out really what's going on.

There's a lot of the stuff on the Internet is a distraction. All these gurus and even people that I brought up, they're all winging it their way. And that's why when you just try to follow what they're doing, it doesn't really work most of the time, because what everyone is missing, the only one that really put it forward was to make of pass the freedom.

You got to take control, take away their security interest. But you got to take away more than security interest. You have to be able to put a claim on that account.

If you don't claim that account or, you know, I'm talking about majority share of that account, they don't have to do anything. You got to be able to move around. So we'll get into there might be another financial group like I threatened to do a cooking class.

You know, it was like three hundred bucks for the three three hour sessions. I just don't have the time. I don't want to make the time to do it and whatever.

But I might once I get things moving with the financial stuff, let's say another few months or so, I will definitely do a pay to play seminar on that. We'll see how it goes. I just want to put that out there.

I don't like keeping information to myself, but you're going to have to pay this time because no more free stuff, because there has to be an exchange of some kind. And to me, the best exchange is when I bring information and I see people flourish and use it and move forward and all that. Right. 

That's the best payment. Right. But in this case, I'd rather just have them send the funds and then what they could do, whatever they want with it.

So anyway, I want to be a part of that, that financial. I want to learn. But I couldn't keep track of when you were meeting on Skype.

I mean, I but I want to learn. There's always there's always an excuse, but it's really about timing when the time is right, because I've been talking to people for decades about this stuff. And some of those people even recently, like, oh, my gosh, I think I'm ready now.

Right. It's like, oh, my gosh. OK, yeah, it's all timing.

But anyway, let's let's let's let's get back to the sonic event. I just wanted to say you got to take control. They count. 

Yeah, right. No, look, a decade ago when you said it, I kind of stopped at it because it sounded to me very much like those guys with the sovereign citizen deal. And I went, nah, this I don't even want to get involved in that because I know where that goes. 

It always goes bad. When you get involved with those guys. Well, here's the other thing I did talk about.

I wanted we missed a sonic event with Jonah Bay. Did a thing on the injunction driving injunction that works. That's when the cops pull you over and then tell you got to go.

You let me leave because you're on a list that you do not detain list. That's real. I knew someone that was on it.

And the injunction is very simple. It's one paragraph. Basically, you know, you have a constitutional officer and you got to do what the Constitution says.

And the laws even say that you can make as many laws as you want, but they only apply whoever volunteers into it. Right. So it's very simple that you can do an injunction for anything, by the way.

It doesn't have to be as long as you've had a mix up with someone like, let's say the IRS says you owe them money. You can do an injunction on the IRS. I was going to I might be working with someone who is importing, exporting rice to third world, what's called third world countries.

I'm surprised the same third world country still has not become politically incorrect. Right. Yeah.

And because of the tariffs in the Constitution, there's a thing where the government cannot charge one of the people a terror either coming in or going out. Right. If you're one of the people here.

Right. So you can do an injunction on that. So the tariffs, if you can do injunction on that stuff.

So anyway, that's a whole other thing. But right now, I'm in the middle of a bunch of corn farmers and rice farmers. I want the technology.

And I didn't know farmers were that. Well, you must have just moved around. You must be moving around because you're breaking up.

I mean, if you find out these big agricultural farmers, there are going to be more agriculture. Greek, hang on a second. You just broke up all over the place.

Whoa. Can you hear me? Oh, I might have lost the Greek anyway. Well, you dropped out.

No, you were gone. I was still going and speaking. You went all robotic and crazy for a minute there.

The last thing I heard is I'm in the middle of a bunch of weather. Device on. OK, let's go inside.

Yeah, let's do this. Sorry, because you just said I'm in the middle of a bunch of rice and corn farmers. And then all of a sudden, I didn't know that they were that wealthy.

Oh, you know, I didn't know how wealthy they were in terms of their assets and what they make selling crops. It's it's a lot. It's a lot. 

And I was like, oh, farmers are poor, right? They don't have any bank, right? No, they got a lot of bank. Yeah, that's a complete fallacy. That's true. 

But yeah, I'm finding that out. OK, let's let's move on anyway. Yeah, absolutely. 

Look, there was a couple of interesting things again about, you know, what about the war and all that. But let's put that aside just for a second. So it was. 

Didn't that fizzle out? I mean, by now. Well, that's the thing is they're asking, is there now is the real action happening when we're hearing nothing? That's the overall question. Very good. 

Very good. Because that's it. That's exactly what they were coming to.

And that's what they wanted me to ask you. And I said, yeah, but yeah, but how are you going to find out what's going on if there's no input, you know, if they're not making any sounds? So now you have to go intuition. You have to go to see how patterns repeat.

Or you could have connections with real people instead of, you know, entities. And you can actually talk to a person somewhere and say, hey, is there shooting going on on the ground, boots on the ground? What's the sentiment there? Yeah, exactly. Right. 

Like a real reporter. Like what they tell you they do on the media, but they don't. Anyway, a lot of trial or a cab driver in a Capitol building, like someone who has a cab driver, a limousine driver in Tehran or in Tel Aviv, let's say, or Moscow.

You know, they drive people around. They hear things, right? Bar bartenders. The CIA is interested.

Most of the energy, you know, when it comes to the people, they put energy into cab drivers, bartenders, haircut, you know, people in the service industry like that, especially where people loosen up, right? Right. To get it, to get data information. So if you're, let's say, a cab driver in a whatever foreign country, you will get approached by the CIA with the minimal connections to, you know, get data.

So anyway. And in some cultures, they'll go to the massage therapist, by the way, because. Oh, absolutely.

Yeah, because, you know, what do you hear about when people go away on these resorts, right? They always go for these massages. Everybody's talking and nobody's paying attention. Everybody's relaxed.

And, you know, that's right. They ignore it. Yeah, they don't.

Right. It's all that type of industry. Exactly. 

And like you said, the bars, people got loose tongues. So it all makes sense. The bartender.

Yep. The cab driver, the massage, whatever. Happy ending, whatever.

Yeah, there you go. All right. So look, somebody asked for clarity.

Now, they already asked this question before, but I guess you didn't quite clarify it for him. So let's run it by you one more time. I agree. 

Just to clarify, are diagnoses such as pneumonia, bronchitis and similar thesis, loss of vacuum issues? Question mark. Typically, they are. Yes. 

OK, typically they are a virus or a bacteria. But I want to understand it from biological vacuum understanding. OK, let's give it let's if someone really wanted to get serious about it, we'll get serious about it. 

First of all, when you have a particular when you target an area of the body, let's say the pulmonary system. Right. You have discomfort.

So you go get checked out. You get a diagnosis, whatever. Right. 

OK. The reason why you're focusing on that area is because that area has is suffering or experiencing what's called irritation, inflammation, some some sort of discomfort. Right. 

OK, so what causes the irritation or discomfort in that area? So why would you say lungs, pneumonia and that and not kidneys or your feet or your ear, right, or your scalp? Right. Well, because that's the one that's requiring your attention due to some kind of signaling, nervous signaling. By the way, there's no nerve endings in the lungs.

You manifest that usually between your shoulder blades. You'll get cramping. Yeah, because there's no nerve endings.

Yeah. Just like there's no nerve endings in the brain. Mm hmm. 

So so you're suffering some sort of irritation, that irritation or weakening of that. Let's call it an organ. And you want to say, let's call it an organ, because in medical terms, sometimes they call something an organ and other times they don't, depending if it's for an exam or for practice or for study.

Right. They flip flop. So let's say those organs are irritating you or not functioning right to the point where to the point where you're feeling disabled.

Right. You can't breathe or whatever. Right. 

So they're going to get it checked out. OK, let's just bounce over to this next part. The viruses and bacteria are not the cause.

Your body creates that. So if your body doesn't have the right ecology or topography or condition, those things will only live, cannot exist. So in 99 percent of the cases where a biopsy or something is found, a sampling where there's certain distinct things that they've categorized as the cause of the dysfunction or the irritation known as bacteria or viruses that was created by your body as an alternate effect.

So instead of the body creating, quote unquote, wellness and fitness or healthy tissue, it's creating these bacteria and viruses. Right. It's the opposite of what you're being told.

I'm not saying they don't exist. They do. But your body's creating them.

Right. Right. So so that's that's not.

So treating that will not work. So the loss of vacuum is overall wellness and fitness and health consideration. So you can lose a certain amount of vacuum and it won't affect your overall wellness and fitness or health.

It's when you lose it long enough or at times when it needs to be peaking. It's not also at times when it needs to be going down and diminishing. It's not. 

It's a balancing act. Right. So, again, out of balance.

The the lungs and all that they require each organ requires a different type of therapy. Right. So the therapy for the lungs and all that depends on the individual, depends on where you live, because you're breathing and you're using it and you're getting irritation from it.

It's usually going to be something in the air, either where you live or where you work or whatever. And the other thing, it could be something that is inherently, you know, a weak part of your body. So then you have to take that in consideration.

But what always helps that is warm, moist air and it has to be fresh air. And that's the only thing that I would seek for that. And then, of course, a balanced diet.

You must have a very good balanced diet. So otherwise, you know, here's the thing. You can't tell someone this is good for this and this is good for that without really knowing their lifestyle, what they look like.

Also, you know, are they male or female? Right. Man or woman, you know, you can't there's no there's a general thing what's good for the lungs. But if your lungs are irritated to the point where you have a pneumonia, sorry, something like a pneumonia where you have fluid build up, they say the diet, there's something called a plera.

Right. We talked about it. It's a vacuum.

It's an area around the diaphragm. Maybe I'm not being as accurate as it could be, but that's what's being affected, which then affects the diaphragm, which then affects the lungs. So the easiest way to build up the body's vacuum is with compression for a certain area. 

The other way is to do it is with exercise, because when the when the body goes through exercise vigor, the the heart rate speeds up, which slows down the blood flow. Right. And then that's why you feel a throbbing in your head if you're not fit.

But anyway, slows down the blood flow and it gives the body a chance to recoup the vacuum. So actually trying to do exercise, people that do exercise and work get less sick, usually the people who don't. So whatever exercise you you see to do warm, warm, moist air, it has to be fresh air, though. 

If you're in a room, let's say your bedridden, you have to have air exchange, not like they do in hospitals where none of the windows open. And by the way, they found those filters that those big buildings to be moldy and laden with, you know, crap. So, yeah, I don't know that I would do other than that.

I would do a lot of vegetable broth, parsley, tea, things like that. Small plants like carrot tops and carrots, the carrots with the tops simmered parsley tea. I don't know if anyone here has ever boil a pot of water, turn off the water, throw the parsley in there, come back the next day or overnight.

It's completely like pectin. It's like jello. Right. 

You see what that does is good for the body's vacuum. So the body, the biological vacuum is something that exists in all living things. And that's how you you shut that down.

You cannot be alive in this type of ecosystem that we have. Right. So everything required, anything alive, you know, requires a biological vacuum and a vacuum and some moisture.

There has to be some water. Otherwise, no good. Typically, there's some strange phenomenon like fungus.

Well, fungus goes into a crystal when all those things don't exist. And it could be a crystal in form for thousands of years. Then when the conditions are right, there's some kind of brine, the sea monkeys.

OK, there's a brine shrimp or something that you can dehydrate completely. Yeah. And a hundred years later, put it in water and it comes to the right.

Remember the sea monkeys? Yeah, they sell. They used to sell them in comic books. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

There's a whole there's some exceptions. And those are interesting things to study. Right. 

What they call extremophiles. But they're in. But they're in like a stasis or like a. Yeah, exactly. 

I don't understand how they do it. I don't know without the moisture in it. Yeah. 

But the thing is, generally speaking, if something is living and moving around, it requires the biological vacuum and liquid. If you go into like a stasis, a cocoon, a what do they call that hibernation type state? That's a different bears out of bears. Hibernate. 

Right. It's more than just bears, snakes, mice, rats. So a lot of creatures are never discussed.

Hibernate. There are various types of snakes that hibernate for certain time periods and under certain conditions, like in the cold. A snake you can basically freeze to death.

Some snakes, you can freeze them to the point where it would kill almost anything else. You can throw them out and they're fine. Flies also. 

I mean, they're mad to fly their fridge. The typical magic trick was they show some people like dead flies and he moves them in his hand and they fly away because, you know, bugs in the fridge look like they're dead. Yeah, there's some interesting stuff that needs to be studied to a degree, but not for this society. 

Here's the thing. When I say this stuff needs to be studied and brought forward, not in this society. You're just going to be met with resistance and you'll be shut down.

All this stuff is for the next society to come or maybe you might want to skip one or two. Who knows? And maybe the third one from now. And it's also for those that want to use it for their own personal benefit.

You know, you don't talk about it. You just learn it and do it and you share it with those that can handle it. But this is nothing that will ever become popular.

Never, ever, ever. If you've got to be like really dumb to think that this kind of, let's say, technology or knowledge will go out into society and make society better. No, no, no, no. 

That will never, ever, ever, ever happen. Right. So look in this society.

I got one last question and then and then I have something I want to ask you for myself. Just a random curiosity about condiments. Anyways, so another person writes that universally it seems like there are a lot of problems where people have back pain.

Now, I understand that the narcotics are great for curing the pain, but they don't solve the issue. They simply mask it. And it does seem to be something that is so common that there must be a common solution. 

Yeah, I think we got it. We went over this maybe two sonics ago. The first thing that I've noticed is the concept of dread or fatalism in your life will will be.

Oh, got sirens, sirens, sirens, right on time. Fatalism in your life will make any the slightest thing that would trigger back issues to be triggered. In other words, if you have back issues, we're not talking about someone who fell off of a horse and landed on their head and woke up, was in a coma for a month and then found out they had, you know, L1, L2 and L3 crushed.

No, I'm talking about typical people. I mean, myself included for years, every like first or second week of February, I'd be bedridden. I could move because my back stiffened up and I've had back injuries also.

But I noticed that the psychological part is if there's any fatalism or defeat in your life, like if you had a bad family life and you don't know where you go, you know, insecure financial stuff, all that stuff adds up. If you can really convince yourself that everything is going to be fine, because here's the thing, if everything's going to be fine in the end, that means it's fine right now. Well, no matter how bad it is.

Right. And honestly, look, when I was married to my first wife, I had brutal back pain all the time. I get it.

But the thing is, it does seem to be a common look. I've had broken, broken bones in the neck and the back. So I know I'm misaligned a little bit and there's not much I can seem to do about putting it exactly back where it needs to go.

So I'm always having it will adapt. It will adapt. There's people that are walking around with metal in their bodies, whether it was put there like our knee replacement or bullets in their bodies, fragments from battles and living in the ghetto, whatever.

So, you know, here's the thing. Take care of that mental side first and it won't trigger that. The other thing is that I worked for me.

The best was decompression. But if you have that fatalist doom kind of thing inside of you, it'll just come right back. So it's it's I found that most of the back stuff is psychological, meaning the spiritual, mental.

But the thing is about the back is it has the ability to lock you up or you just can't move. And it's very painful to do anything, even go to the bathroom. So, you know, you can't even get out.

You can't even just even turn over in bed. So it's I found that it's mostly a mind thing. The drugs will prove that it's a mind thing to a degree where you get more flexibility and all that. 

But it comes right back. So if you could take care of the mental side, the other side, there's a lot of, quote unquote, therapy. Always avoid surgery if you can.

But, you know, there was a rash of third surgery promotion even since the nine. Remember the Lewis at LASIK even in the New York subway there, everybody who ever got LASIK, by the way, to the eye surgery went right back to how it was before surgery. Right. 

Everybody in the world, everybody in the world came. Oh, they got LASIK surgery now. They should be able to fix you.

And I'm like, no, no, no, no, it doesn't. It goes right. It reverts right back to how it was before that.

So all these surgeries, people get knee replacement, hip replacement, all that stuff. Yeah, they're a little better. But are they really? Most people want to say they're better because they don't want to seem like they got suckered right for doing the procedure.

Well, nobody wants to avoid that. Always avoid surgery. Nobody wants to be the moron that paid a couple of grand for nothing.

You know, no one wants to admit that they've been defrauded either. You know, that's why. So. 

So, yeah, I really don't have a solution direct other than the mechanical side. All I could say, again, good diet and decompression. If you can hang from a bar or whatever or stretch out, lay down.

Actually, rolling, rolling, you know, that scene where children roll down a hill. Yeah. If you could roll down a hill where it literally gives you that kind of like pushing feeling, you know, it's going to it's going to mobilize you or just rolling across the floor, having someone stretch your arms and legs out and have someone roll you back and forth across the floor of a hardwood floor or carpet floor.

It doesn't matter what the floor is, really. I found that that helps. I found it very helpful every every now and then to use a cement slab that is smooth and lay down on it and then make sure to straighten my spine, like literally take even the arch out of the spine.

Very slow breathing and you'll feel releases in your spine. Exactly. That's what I do.

And that's a natural way of decompressing the whole thing. And you lay down straight and that doesn't that doesn't help if you have feelings of doom and gloom. Well, no personal ones.

Yeah. The back pain will come right back. And yeah, it sounds kind of crazy. 

Again, I don't have a direct solution. It depends on who it is. Right.

You have to be able to, you know, do diagnosis. A proper diagnosis is just like what these quacks do. They look at you. 

Right. Diagnose you. Right.

But the way a proper diagnosis would be, would be also query, find out what the person's habits. Anyone, anyone lived in New York or San Francisco and went to a Chinese apothecary or near a Chinatown where they have the Chinese doctor, they come out. And they have a questionnaire. 

You know, how's your sex life? Are you angry at anyone? Are you happy? Do you this stuff? The medical quacks here don't ask. Right. Yeah. 

They ask you a hundred things. Yeah. You know, all kinds of questions, you know, first of your they they need to know what type of person, you know, how you function. 

You know, I love best is the acupuncturist who I said, how the hell do you know where to stick the needles? And he said, I don't worry about it doesn't matter. And he put him in. It didn't hurt.

It was great. It was like, right, right. But that's it only if you ask nine out of 10 acupuncture, they don't know what the what the basis of it is.

No, but it worked. Actually, it was funny. It actually worked on my knee really well.

I was like, wow, my knee just like stopped swelling and I could use it again. Thank you. I didn't even care.

And I didn't know how it worked anyway. Yeah, it is. It is a valid it's a valid science.

It is a valid science. And he didn't even want to, you know, what's he going to explain it to me? Anyway, speaking of this, I just my last little thing. I noticed that lately I've been like wanting mustard and I don't know what I'm not usually a mustard guy, but condiments.

I've been going after mustard. And I'm curious if sometimes maybe there's certain like condiments that you wind up sort of craving. And if that's because I'm now, you know, doing that thing where you're like, I noticed that if I need certain things, I go looking for, you know, some of those nutritional things.

And I'm wondering if the condiments are like that, too, because very much because the condiments are what balances out a meal. So the one thing, if let's say someone said someone's craving mustard, what would that mean? First of all, it means that the weather is getting warmer and you crave that to relief that change that the warm weather does. Right.

OK, the other thing that it would be is you eat your meat intake. Animal intake is increased somehow or animal fat has increased somehow. So those those three things, you know, I would first suggestions I would make if you're someone is increasing their craving of mustard.

All three of those things are true. OK, no, no, no. I had not been able to eat meat for a bit because we just didn't have it.

And then when I started to again, yes, same thing. And I'm starting to get your animal intake is increased. So you're craving mustard. 

It's normal. That's a balancing act because your body is aware of the mustard balancing out in, you know, unconsciously. Perfect. 

So, yeah, see, it works. I mean, these are general. But then when you meet the person, you look at their, you know, you do a facial diagnosis.

You see, you ask someone to sit down and stand up. I see how, you know, when someone sits down, how they sit down. You know, some people just drop themselves in a chair.

Some people are very careful and lower themselves. Some people lower themselves. They look like they're in pain.

You know, you learn a lot by just as people do. It's kind of like the job interview is sorting out coins. I have my own way of diagnosing people.

It's usually spot on. And, you know, when I do this stuff, it's like more than nine out of ten people get relief or get better or completely fix whatever they're coming to me for. So because it's very simple, it's universal principles, right?