Rated Y, Sonic Event 209. Anyhow, Greek, how are you? Hey, just you. Yeah, just doing, man.

You brought up the Facebook someone posted or whatever. That's Sam or Archon. It's five more power to him.

I stick with my stuff about the reason for doing this from the beginning was to find people a jam with. I don't mind if someone completely blags. That means steals everything I'm doing and says that it's theirs and cusses me out at the end in the process.

I don't mind as long as it gets out there, because I see the human condition as being so piss poor that when you're really, really piss poor, every penny helps. Right. Imagine you're completely piss poor, just living out in the gutter and someone gives you a penny.

Isn't that great? I mean, because it's not, you know, you're on your way up. Right. Look, it's why people will steal the garbage bags.

When I used to work at a store and you go, why did somebody have to steal three garbage bags while I'm doing my job? It annoyed the hell out of me because I got to change the garbage. It's if you do the math garbage bags, about 10 cents, maybe more. But that person doesn't have it. 

So just to clarify, Sam's not stealing. Greek speaks, not sinkers. That was a project like you want to do that.

I'm like, I don't know what I want to do, but, yeah, I'll show up or whatever. So it's fine. More power to him.

But then there's a Jamaican in me and say, well, I say, start now. I mean, you don't care about no down Facebook month, you know, so I don't really, you know, none of that. And stick to it, because, look, even now I got things moving with the water.

I've got things moving, sort of moving with the audio, a whole bunch of other stuff going to go back into some mechanical modification of combustion engines. This, that and the other. And it's all being done just to get it in the field.

Here's the thing. One of the things that brought me the most joy in the past two years was when you get the water device into someone's hands and they're like, oh, my gosh, this is the best water ever. And they're completely unrelated with the last person.

They don't know anything about the last person who got one who said exactly the same thing. So, you know, moving that along, just getting things out there that just make everything better, whatever you apply yourself to is really what I want to do and get other people on it. So it is possible for the Greek to get some satisfaction out of things and not just look at the entire shit show and say to hell with it.

It's all garbage. I don't care. You actually get satisfaction out of something when it goes right.

All the time. It's a joke. Anyway, forget the jokes.

And Facebook, the only reason why I bring it up is because people were like, hey, he said he won't do Facebook. Why is he on Facebook? And I just wanted to address it. That's all.

But it's let's look at, for example, if you look up Jason Brashear's archaic, I think there's like 10 accounts on Facebook. And he's said many times he's been banned off of Facebook. So how can it be banned off Facebook and have 10 accounts? Well, some people, some people lie and say that and simultaneously have a Facebook page.

And really nobody ever calls them out. Some people do that intentionally. And other people just go and run with their stuff. 

And somehow they get away with it. So this those platforms, YouTube, sorry, I mean, however people say I personally view it, our bottom feeder, the social media, YouTube is all bottom feeder stuff. And you like you'll never see a Lamborghini ad in The New York Times.

Right. Like think of a bottom feeder newspaper. You'll never see an ad for Ferrari.

You never see an ad for a really top notch stuff. No, you don't have to advertise Porsche. You don't have to. 

Everybody knows what it is. Everybody knows what a Corvette is. Everybody knows what a Lamborghini is.

It's not even necessary. It's vanity at that. Yeah. 

You just want to stay away from that bottom feeder stuff. And I've always. But, you know, I had the advantage of back in the early 2000s, like before 2010.

This one guy, he's an investment capital investment. He had a portfolio. He had like Bunker Trump and that guy, that late night talk show guy, Larry King, and always doing their personal finances.

Yeah. You got to be careful with Larry King. But go ahead. 

Yeah. But anyway. Yeah. 

He's and his portfolio took a tank around. This is around 2007, 2008. He's going through the airport.

Yeah. Karma's kind of real with Larry, though, because, you know, he's a bit of a petty thief. But go ahead. 

Yeah. But he's this guy was going. His name is Jim.

And his dad was part of the Filipinos. CIA guy was part of the Filipino overthrow of Marcos. Right.

They did that. Oh, yeah. OK. 

And, you know, anyway. So he told me that there's this thing, YouTube, that Google is going to get in this thing to stay away from that stuff because it's all it wasn't even really. I think Facebook was just coming out around that time. 

Facebook existed right after he did that hot or not website. You ever see hot or not? No. But anyway, that history of that.

And he got into all the ins and outs. And also he was down with the people who started PayPal and all that. And I knew someone that was into something like holistic healing.

And the guy, Peter Thiel. Yeah. I very flew in. 

He had a foot problem and didn't really hang out with him. But so I've been around these people and the way they casually speak on how negative these platforms are casually. It's kind of like here. 

Give me a thing. There's an article that's been on the Web a while back. Why do all these famous people have tape over their cell phone camera? Have you seen that article? Yeah. 

A hundred different ways. They reword it and everything. It's been put out. 

I don't know how many. Yeah. And all these like they show Bezos.

We know the cell phone's got tape over the cell phone. They show who's the Facebook boy. That boy was Zuckerberg. 

Yeah. He's got camera with tape on it. And they show this other person who's tape on their camera on the phone.

And I said, what is it? What's the deal? What are they? Why are they not saying? Why don't they do it? Why are they doing that? Right. The older version, they used to show you the laptop with the piece of duct tape on it, too. Yeah. 

Well, the Lenovo that I have has a slide switch. And as you slide it over, you see a red dot where the camera is supposed to be like that. Like they don't have another camera.

You can put a camera right where the pixels are on the screen and have it not look like a dead pixel. You can put a camera in between the crack of the keys on a keyboard, actually, if you want to. And there's a couple of good spots. 

Yeah. Because remember, it's not optical. We don't do optical, very rare optical photography. 

It's all numeric. If you saw what a cell phone or a smartphone camera actually sees, the lens, it's all fisheye. It's totally distorted. 

So they have to numerically. They know they've mapped out. It's very simple to do numerically.

You just take a photograph of the grid and you see how the lines bend in that fisheye fashion. And then you do a numeric field adjustment. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Greek, Greek, Greek. It's already been referenced, right? So it's all an interpretation. You might have something in the peripheral part of the photo.

Stop a minute. And the photo, you know, the numeric photo correction takes place. Greek, Greek, stop. 

Can you hear me? Can you hear me? Yeah. I can hear you. I can hear you stop a minute because whatever you're doing is causing you to jump around like you're a chewed-up cassette Tape sound you're all over the place like you're being okay. 

That's the whirly gig. I'm doing some weather work It always works. I try to make some phone calls. 

I set it up yesterday Okay, while I was doing my setup and the phone would just not work until I walked really far away But it just sounded like you walked near something that was really disrupting you. So It's the world have you ever seen a video short video the whirly gig Into the weather. No, I've looked at the weather stuff, but I don't remember the whirly gig. 

Yeah, it's a rotating device and It's so funny because it you'd say it's passive You can't say it's completely passive because it rotates with a 30 rpm motor But it really messes up the whatever the these phones work on Yes, it's amazing it's a disruption in many fields which of The ether the ether which also affects, you know, the the signal that you get from the Wi-Fi. Anyway, I'm sorry It was just it was absolutely useless there for a second No, it was a good demonstration because if anyone else can it has the device built because I always explain how to me Yeah, this is why I do it like for example here The weather has been getting warm and it you know, it's beautiful. You come out at night in Tucson It's like a chill. 

I'm just want to put a jacket on but in the day, it'll go up to hundred three hundred four hundred and Five and I was tired of that So, you know the temperature around eleven twelve o'clock is already at a hundred and then you know It keeps heating up till about three thirty four and then it stabilizes at your max temperature Then it starts to drop again after five o'clock, right? Okay, so we had a high of a hundred and four the other day and I put the whirly gig on At noon it was already over a hundred it was a hundred and four or something And I put the whirligig on and by one thirty or two o'clock it dropped it below a hundred degrees Remember, it's supposed to be getting hotter and hotter and hotter It dropped at four or five degrees consistently during the hottest time of day What when the you know, the graph the curve is getting going up not if you say you put it on when it you know It's big, you know, if me reached its peak now, it's going to be going down. What's coincidental? No, it actually cooled it on its way up. So it's very very effective and I just want to bring That that's another thing by the way dabbling with the weather work for so long. 

It's so provable the other thing yesterday I was doing the weather work and like once I was trying to make a phone call and it wouldn't go through It was in Tucson, Arizona, we had a hundred and three one thousand and three millibar A Barometric pressure it was the lowest barometric pressure in the entire states except for Calgary, but that's Canada. They don't count Calgary was at one thousand and two But nowhere in the country was it below a thousand and eight a thousand and ten? Millibar we because of the weather work. I was doing a drop down to a thousand three thousand and two millibar They give me an example anything below a thousand and ten you can have rain Giving an example 998 millibar is a thunderstorm Anything below 980 is most likely a hurricane. 

So in other words, it's 4% humidity here, right? 30% humidity is pretty normal and toy you need at least 20% for your skin to be in good shape It was 4% humidity with one thousand two millibar and only in Tucson So what I'm trying to say these are not like does it work Does it not work, you know, like when I was working with Jonathan Butts a natural action tech not to mention They make these devices like golf balls in the pipe You know as this structures the water and you can hardly tell when you use the device or not anything This stuff is like in your face. It just slams you it's like my gosh Like an example would be in physics if you make a you give a water device to a physicist And when you run the water through it drops it one-tenth of one degree. He's like wow that works. 

That's amazing one Cuz you know, they measure things It doesn't matter how much it drops. It's just that it's dropping it right one-tenth of one degree. Wow, that's great Well, the scalarator drops it one to two degrees Every time consistently what? That would make a physicist. 

I mean to a normal the normie that doesn't mean much even one two degrees out any much, right? So but to a physicist someone who's used to measuring things critically Because that's what they do But would be amazed astonished with one-tenth of one degree imagine and then you bring in a device that drops it one or two degrees That's ten to a fold, you know ten or twenty times more than that And so in other words the stuff that I'm dabbling in it's not whether it works or not or what is it? It's massive, you know massive influence on the environment and materials and things like that This way when someone learns how to make these things or get involved with it You think they could really see a change like it really works, you know I decided to put that out because when you tell people you do, you know If you just introduce yourself and then you introduce you do weather work, you know the eyes roll and oh You mean you do weather forecasting or you know weather measurement? No, no weather work They can't right now If I tell ten people in public that I do weather work weather engineering and then like five minutes Later ask him what I said nine out of ten will say yeah, he's just measuring the weather. They don't understand You know, it's that you can actually manipulate it, right? Well, look anyway another thing since you brought up Brandon Joe Williams. I was contacted Let me just get that name back up in front of me. 

I was contacted by Matthew and He was wondering if Brent, you know Brandon's interested in either being on rated Y with us or of course alternatively if you don't want to do that He could we could do we have radically. Well, we're in the same topic but radically different He kind of brings up the law side, which is fine And it's kind of good when people just stand on on their corner of their square. I like to say that all four corners You know look at all aspects, but yeah, go ahead what about him Matthew? Yeah, I know Matthew Yeah, it's rather unique for somebody to want to be a guest. 

So do you want to say? Yes, let's do that Okay I just wanted to know about that because I have that message in front of me so I will concur with him and tell me Let's just let's just preempt the concept of him as a guest where he'll have a recording and he could put it on his channel So let's just you know that day, you'll find your cleanest dirty shirt brush your teeth comb your hair We're gonna be on YouTube. Yeah, it doesn't matter if I have an image up or you do. I don't care. 

Whatever. We'll do it I'm just saying image. I just said brush your teeth comb your hair I'm getting to the point where I just need a toothbrush. 

Okay, but it should be it should be a teeth brush Are you concerned? I was just gonna say you beat me to it. I was just gonna say are you really that concerned? I use my teeth brush and after I mean, I don't have too many left, but I Actually, I the dentist acquaintance that I work with, you know, the relationship I would the dentist is like, yeah, you know I'll play basketball and after a basketball meet you at the office. Tell me what you want to do That's the relationship I have or you know, I I sit in the chair and he's like, all right So what do you want me to do? You know, I'm like I just saw him exactly what you want. 

This is how it should be with all these idiots I'm not it is. Yeah Mostly idiots and you described this before you need to know you need to do your own study and know what it is You need to ask Attorney a doctor a dentist even a hair we think about the hairdresser meme Why don't you sit in the chair and say what would you like me to do? Right? I'm a little off the top this that Whatever. It's the same thing. 

You know, you can't trust these people implicitly on everything because What is it now like 40%? It's really high Surgeries are either unnecessary or malpractice as it's like 30 or 2 or 40 percent There's a number thing where it's either a mistake or something goes wrong or yeah Yeah, absolutely necessary is like way up there or they leave 70% Yeah, this is what they're reporting. So that means it's much worse, right the neglect of leaving three sponges inside of you I don't worry about it. It won't bother you too much. 

You know is where they accidentally leave their tools in there, you know Yeah studying that because that might that would be the next if he into dentistry the next thing would be surgery and by the way When you ask a dentist, what is DDS stand for? That's the most of them forgot and DDS stands for a doctor of dental Surgery. Oh, okay. Yeah. 

Yeah, you can you see the DDS right after their name? It's not MD. I got you Is not a physician by the way, it's also a computer term. But good. 

Yeah. No, it's a man Intermix they intermix all these things but I was studying surgery and I'm pretty sure that let's say we had a field hospital I can train anyone in less than a week on many techniques on surgery any kind of sir, you know, the thing is not evasive surgery, but you know necessary trauma Most surgery should be just implemented for trauma. Like for example People that have what they're diagnosed with cancer. 

No one has cancer, but it's diagnosed as such. It's a label, right? And they have a tumor removed. You never want to have that kind of thing removed when it's inflammatory or on its way up You you need to start Quelling it and making it go away with diet and other things before you have it removed because if you remove it when it's growing and Expanding it's always going to come back because remember the it's a roadblock, right? It's to stop energy certain energy Movement in the body, so you don't want to remove it when it's in on its way up you want to remove it on its way out just like Traffic problem and somebody comes along and steals your orange Oh, yeah in the middle You'll just be making more Crashes and a good example of that is look at highway crashes during a snowstorm, right? You don't see the car right there's usually a hundred car pile up with semi trucks, you know It's like they don't even know that there's a pile up in front of them And it's too late to hit the brakes when they find out right exactly. 

They they wind up running over three cars that are already crashed Yeah, exactly. Yeah, and it keeps going on and on and on. Yeah, so Yeah, so that's interesting on that aspect because I'm telling you and I've been saying for a while We need more people to understand the physical body and to help other people with it as we progress in the shit show known as You know, whatever society you live in, you know, so anyway What else you got? What do you got? I mean, I think I've just been all over the place Go ahead you have but I still have more. 

Okay, so kudos to OMG for finally applying their sonic to the biological vacuum Okay, I'm gonna shorten this one up Let's see He said he's had success though with taking a lot of your medical stuff over the past 10 years and applying it and he wants you to know that but He also would like let's see someone who spent those finally Yeah, mechanical back pain. Okay, he would like, you know a bit of a refresher on that stuff because he's had success on that With issues, you know with repetition kind of injuries to the back and if you would generally address that he'd be appreciative but he's I'll do this and it's not personal but it is for me I used to be bedridden for a week every for several reasons because I've had back compressions on that but the mental side of the back pain is when you have a concept of doom and gloom in your mind, and it doesn't have to be Forward in your mind that you discuss it or anything that just that there's a concept of doom and gloom One of these psychologists, you know practicing morons does half-ass get the get the clue when they start talking to you About the reason why your back hurts is because you're carrying around things and it's psychological, you know Yeah, that kind of it's in the form of imagery actually So one way to help mentally back pain is bring up Catastrophic because you're gonna bring up an image even if I say bring up an image of a destroyed city with ten people is going To be ten different images Even though they'll be similar bring up an image of what you consider to be your personal familial Friendly whatever doom and gloom in your relationships financial whatever bring up an image of a destroyed environment And do the the reductionist, you know The the mace concept on that make the picture bigger and bigger in your mind and stop it when it stops getting bigger You can't make it any bigger I mean bigger than what you imagine Let's say the solar system or the universe's then shrink it down to one pixel and then boom Disappear it and practice that and that will change the The the mental feedback and with that I want to touch on the thyroid but mechanical I've tried it all I went to a chiropractor not to mention his name Errol Turan in New York City He's a he's a chiropractor for athletes And I think I've mentioned before when I was in the pro cycling sort of pro cycling field and other, you know triathletes runners, whatever Didn't you also run into Sorenson while you were in New York to the same guy who wound up treating Howard Stern with his Back pain and stuff. No, I might I went to a bunch of them and okay No, not only call sorts and but but here's the thing I thought I used to always tell people if you're athletic You can't go to a regular MD because he's used to seeing old people people that are really out of shape or whatever He's gonna look at you and say you're fine No matter what you have right because you're an athlete, right? You have to go to a sports doctor who's used to seeing people who have a high level of fitness But anyway, he would do all this stuff and none of it really helped And even decompression all this stuff. 

So the bone crackers, you know, it's just another field I'm not saying they're there to be discounted. They they they do more mental. See people think I'm going for a chiropractor I feel better. 

I hear my bones cracking. So I'm gonna get better. That's fine But they still don't understand how the body works. 

I mean, I've tried decompression all that stuff It does What they do does change the pressure and the distribution temporarily As you said, it's actually more valuable that you think it's straightened out. That's right Then it is that's right, but it is partially physically valid to change. Yeah, it is it is temporary It's very very temporary and you're and you you've already if you have something that a chiropractor will relieve You've already facilitated that and that facility meaning the signal going back and forth It's like, you know when you go into a mall, they're playing the same music over and over That's what I mean by facilitated. 

Yeah, you might have some relief But until you get rid of that background that tells the body to do that It's always going to be there and cancer is the same way All these things are the same way You have to start with the mental aspect and if you've got the mental aspect really strong You could literally be bitten by poisonous snakes and may and not be Fall fall victim to it, right? I mean, that's how powerful the mind is believe it or not in that crazy group of chiropractors in New York That was sticking the you know, the liquid cocaine on a on a cotton swab up people's nose There is something to the methodology they were using even though people were like, you know Outrage that they were giving people, you know medical grade cocaine, but there's a hell of a drug It sure is and from what I understand the liquid is amazing anyway So speaking of healthy things and amazing, you know We did talk about the pet food real quick and I'll just throw this in and if you want to continue on the chiropractor Go ahead Here's a quick throwaway actually shortening it up again, but he addressed how we brought up the dog food and the organ meat and all that stuff and His overall comment. It wasn't a question He just wanted to make the observation that it's amazing all the problems that dogs don't have When you don't feed them the processed garbage in a bag And all that smell yeah Like all those problems from the dog's smell to the dog's skin issues to the dog's attitude all change With absolutely better food. So I just wanted to point that out that that was something that if people don't have pets Maybe they think it's a waste of time. 

But believe it or not philosophically. It's got its uses and it is Truly a holistic approach dealing with the food solves a lot of issues for your animals Oh clearly, it's all the thing is we are molded from our environment. You know the material That's formed in the mother's womb from conception is based on whatever she inputs into her body, right? That's obvious, right? the the blueprint and all that is not physical but the The right so so that process by the way continues When you're born you're constant whatever you're eating like for example If you know anyone in the military when they go into the into Korea the bases there When they get there, they they're like, oh man, it was okay But everybody smelled like fish and garlic, right? Mm-hmm, and then you get used to it and then they come over here Everybody there your family and friends. 

Here's his man. You smell like fish and garlic, you know You're right. So it's it's inevitable. 

You're going to process right? So once you understand What's going on and the human body for many reasons and one of them is when we're the only creature That's not prepared when it's born. Maybe a hermit crab or whatever. We have no fur, you know, we can't walk around we you know You know like some way if you know You watch a horse drop. 

Okay, like people like to watch Minutes, it's up there. Yeah in a few minutes. This thing's trotting around like its mother who's a thoroughbred It's trotting around behind it and you know, it's fine So yeah, but it's the same thing. 

I was gonna say, you know one who has a Cattle, you know, they bring the kid that they bring them in and then one refuses to come in He goes over the hill and he sees the cow standing by a calf Pretty quick just like when you you know Look when you when you wake up and you've been in a weird position You got to like give your body time like, you know, you say, oh, yeah, but they're ready to go See, we're not so we're so dependent on many things That's the only reason why it takes 30 minutes though because they were squeezed into the womb. They were kind of But that's one aspect you see that we're not prepared here. So that makes us more sensitive to input Well, that was my point is that you know, but but when it comes to human babies, look we got to carry them around They can't walk. 

They can't talk. We got to feed them, you know, they can't chew on anything I mean, they're not ready for nothing and when they come out, you know, no, of course for a lot for quite a while It's called exposure. All you had to do is leave the baby naked out in the in the open and it would die very soon so the because of that we are extremely extremely sensitive to our input and food and drink and when you get along those lines If you're limited to a diet or you're used to eating things changing The condiments is the easiest thing to change and then I haven't gotten into condiments so, you know, you should always have time for condiments right to talk about condiments and That is that changes the energy Give an example. 

I had a burger whenever I get a McDonald's burger or whatever, which is like very seldom I say no mustard and they're like, oh you don't like mustard No, the reason I want no mustard is because I like mustard. Mmm, right because your mustard so crappy It gives mustard a bad name So but this time they did no mustard and ketchup and I took a bite out of it I was like what the hell, you know, you need the ketchup and I got some ketchup. I was like finally nothing now Edible, right Certain things are necessary. 

And you know Greek you keep saying condiments. I got to tell you what if I want to have a baby Just saying, you know Qualified as a joke, but I know That's okay, but I get you so but here's the thing the So, what do you do with condiments, you know? basically food that's oily fatty Greasy needs acid and you can what's in horseradish, right? That that root peppery this ginger Is the thing that goes in and you can put that into they put ketchup and mayonnaise together Yeah, now if you have salt you also need acid and some sweet, right? So that's what so that's what I'm saying that the problem is though Well, don't forget tomatoes are botanically classified as a berry and they contain sugar So there are fruit and a pumpkin is also a fruit. It has a fruit bearing seed structure There's many things that are called, you know certain things It's because tomatoes are in the vegetable aisle because of food combining they taste they combine better With other vegetables that combine with savory foods. 

They don't put them in the fruit because it would be a weird combination, right? And that's why I always put some direct sugar into anything I'm working with tomatoes if I can just to cut down on the acidity. Yeah, that's another So your balance of the thing though by saying condiments, it's the quality of the condiments is so piss poor now Even if you go to a Walmart, they have like the imported foods and stuff You like I like Santa Cruz peanut butter and it's the priciest peanut butter You can get and I go to Walmart and get it because it's about half price what it is at the natural grocer Let's say right. They do give you a break Walmart. 

Yeah. Yeah occasionally So and I've got good at the organic stuff from there like instead of spending six bucks for Pomodoro, you know, it's the whole tomatoes canned You know, it's the organic stuff is like less than three bucks and it's actually better than the stuff that comes from Italy You know the New Yorkers a ton of call Italy, right? So well, that's if you're from not quite in the city if you're from just outside of the city Italy, you know, you're Italian anyway, um salt and pepper. Yeah. 

So anyway Quick quick question on the organic though. Do you mean the like a great value organic stuff? Yeah, great I've actually been getting just on a side note I've been getting into their cordless power tools of 30 bucks. You get a brush with the battery and charger a Brushless motor drill where if you got a D wall, you know the yellow tools or the orange ones There's a hundred and fifty plus and they work just as well And I've been addicted to getting their cordless power tools and just because it's If the quality is reasonable, it's so cheap I mean I got a cordless circular saw and it's like for 50 bucks and the comparable one of another brand would be three times four times That and it works just as well the YouTube reviews on it For example, everybody's laughing you look I got a Walmart's cordless circular saw and he starts testing and he's like I'm surprised They cut this whole sheet of plywood and did this and that well guys, you know I don't know what to say, but it's a pretty good tool, you know Well, it's like I was shocked at many you saw that mini saw the thing that looks almost like an oversized electric shaver That can actually cut wood Well the oscillating so I've got a couple of those as well. 

They make a reasonable quality one of those Over there. Yeah, they do. Yeah, that's very very very impressive. 

I have fun with that stuff Just like for example, I drive a 97 I use a 97 Dodge minivan with faded paint It's kind of like the ultimate fuck you Right when you show up somewhere, you know, it's like why are you driving? I click you won't see anything that old anymore. I go to a parking lot I got the oldest car, you know other than an antique car. That's you know, baby. 

No, I got the oldest ugliest That's not ugly the job at the lines are very good But it's kind of like saying that the rest of y'all fuck you, you know, like your big like middle finger What the hell are you guys doing trying to be better than the Joneses? Running better than a new car. It's definitely out of place. But you know, here's the thing aesthetically who cares functionality and also The the mechanical nature of the thing when it's functioning properly It's better on gas than almost any vehicle you could get that'll carry stuff. 

Oh, yeah I've got a put a washer and dryer in there and you can't do that with a Ford I mean a big Ford whatever or a Escalade you can't put a washer and full-size washer and dryer in an Escalade Yeah, new SUVs don't have comparable cargo space Which is weird because you know, you're gonna pay five times, you know Even if they produced a brand new one today, you'd pay five times for your Escalade or your you know Whatever your rate Land Rover, whatever the hell but yeah I don't have the cargo space unless you turn around and take all the seats out Who wants to do that when the seat costs more than half the cars in the lot? I mean you're taking this out and everything but yet just some of the cargo space anyway Yeah, but the idea is it's kind of like an F you to what people think they should have because they're not really thinking Let's go back to condiments The quality of the condiments should be the best you can get So if you're gonna use a mustard try to get a very high quality one if you're gonna use a ketchup get an organic one You can make your own stuff ketchup is just vinegar tomato paste water and some sweetener Right. Did you try the Walmart organic? Ketchup. Yeah, I do. 

I do get that do anything organic. I look at what Walmart has first Yeah, I use and they don't make you know, they don't make anything It's rebirth. Someone else is making it for them that qualifies as organic and they're just branding it, right? No, they just they just License the label they tell them you're allowed to label it for our store. 

That's it Yeah, as a matter of fact that there's a lemonade that I like that's it's simply whatever It's the same exact one and it's half almost half price when you get the Walmart one, right? Same ingredient same but shape of the bottle say it tastes just the same actually maybe a little better So what's interesting but you know, they got a nice tea matter of fact, they got a nice tea Walmart does I don't know if you know because you you like iced tea, right? It's it's it's like a really good iced tea But they dump the same okay the same stuff that you would pay $2 for a small can They put it in a gallon bottle and they charge you like a buck fifty. I mean, I'm telling you it's like yeah, it's that's right It's but they're subsidized just like the oil industry, you know, they're but anyway, it's another Thing discussion. Let's get back to the condiments Understanding the value of having good condiments and that would mean spicy stuff also at the appropriate time If it's getting warm where you are Incorporate things that grow in hot weather on your latitude like yes spicy peppers and hot peppers and things like that But you know mild I wouldn't go too hot because it does have a counter effect on the body Get into citrus get into learning how to use lemon zest and orange zest, which is the dry grind ground, right? Which has the the signal and the energy learn how to use fermented foods What would be an example of an American Oh, the most easiest example for fermented food for the Westerners would be sauerkraut pickles pickles, right? Any kind of pickled material learn how to use those incorporate those like when you go to a lot of Middle Eastern a Lot of European especially Asian when they produce a meal that has a lot of quote-unquote animal or protein There's always pickles included, right? I know like this because you pee red, but you know, they pickle beets as well You like pickles? Yeah. 

Yeah anything pickling that pickled and canned are not the same No, no, I mean, but you can get pickled beets in a glass jar or you sure I love beets are wonderful It's there. Just think about you know, the what the beet looks like and it's a tonality of it, right? I mean That's how you know You got a good washing machine You get some pickle if some beet juice on you throw it in the load and it comes out clean It's a good washing machine, right? Yeah for sure Stains things but it also makes you pee red so don't panic It can asparagus makes you pee within minutes of eating it. It smells just like asparagus, right? Yeah Definitely like it's like Supposedly because they produce now. 

Here's the thing I was watching Jonah Bay recently and he's talking about detoxing and I give the guy a lot of respect I'm pretty close to endorsing him Mostly, but I can't really I don't know But anyway, he's talking people are still talking about detoxing first of all Anything in your body that you consider to be a toxin if it's in your bloodstream lymphatic in your organs your body created it Because it was in the GI the gastrointestinal tract Actually, it could be there's something called the patch various patches And if you find if you put a tobacco patch on your skin and you find there's there's you know Whatever's constituents are in that patch nicotine in your blood. Guess what your skin it was created By your body nothing permeates the skin, right? So all these so there's the detox People like I'm gonna detox. I'm gonna do fruit and berries and water for a few weeks to get all the toxins out. 

No It's not like something intruded into your body your body literally produced it So instead of detoxing trying to clean it out like they say If you counteract that with an energetically, let's say opposite opposing saying It will cancel out in your body and no longer be a toxin without waiting for it to go out Eliminate through the elimination pathway. You see what I mean? I almost think of it like an antidote Yeah, I have some related questions to this too that we can mix in So let's let's rock on the questions because this is I'm gonna just start peeling back and talking more about the biology But here's the thing. There is no such thing as a detox and there is a sloughing and cleaning of the intestines Just like you can clean your teeth from plaque. 

You literally have to scrape it off in both cases, right? Right. So like to clean the intestinal tract is kale. There's nothing beats kale Kale that that vegetable if you eat a little bit of kale every day It acts like a broom literally in your GI tract, right? Especially the large intestine where that's the final extraction of mostly water right, that's why when you see someone who has a crack on their lower lip, that means that the Large intestine is out of balance in the hydration mode, right? That's why you know someone goes out if you watch like Lords of Arabia the white of the British They always show them as having a crack on the lower lip, you know, they're out there fighting in the desert Not as balanced as the Arabs, right? Well, let's all look cracked all the way around right because yeah, well actually the main crack I'm discussing is a center crack on the lower lip. 

That's large intestine. You don't know what wait that split that shows up Yeah, and it stays there until you leave the change your diet radically or leave the environment That's it. That's where the large intestine is not In balance with removing getting creating taking the energy out of water in the final Digestion process large intestine is mostly to get the hydration out, right? The most of the hydration in the body comes from the mouth throat Part of this mostly the stomach and then the large intestine the small intestine is mostly for all of your real technical Nutrition's but anyway, that's we're gonna get into all this and I'll show why From a very basic perspective and I mentioned also, I think I did mention on last night You know They say all the ancients didn't know about the human body, which the ancient Greeks believe that the blood moved like a wave Through the body, which is exactly what it's doing and the heart is a break Just like you have waves at the ocean you put breakers to slow it down, right? It's the same concept and the wave is through all of the vessels Anyway, what have you got in terms of questions? Because like I said, we're gonna peel back and discuss more of the biology because look if you I've known people that were very wealthy When their health went down they were miserable They were so pathetic. 

So you got to be able to function So even rich people will tell you oh, you know all this doesn't really matter as long as you got your health Yeah, you know don't emphasize that and because it was one of the last things you can't just buy out of a you know Out of a box somewhere you actually have to do things. But anyhow, yeah. Yeah. 

So go ahead. What are you guys? So here we go. Could the idea of absorption of food through induction be proven by encoding key information? About a nutrient into an electromagnetic wave that cells could potentially detect and respond to question mark Absolutely. 

Yes, but not but not an electromagnetic wave that's commonly available. It's gonna have to be bio compatible, right? Because if it is all about reading information then an EM EM field would Just data would produce excuse me. It's too crude. 

Yeah, it's too crude the Like for example If you have a free energy machine that truly is free energy and you plugged your toaster in it You put your toast to come back and it's frosty the snowman. It's freezing your bread Right. So what do you know? What is the toaster supposed to do? You have to you have to rebuild it, right? No, I'm serious there. 

It's a negative based. Yeah. Yeah Imagine, you know got free energy plug your toaster. 

You come back five minutes later and it's ice-cold frozen hard. Well, that's great, right? No, because now everyone's gonna say your toasters broken So, yeah, you have to it's the same thing with electromagnetic waves you're gonna get Excitement and then a manifestation that it's ain't gonna be good That's why when people say they get these wife machines and stuff and they said does it have AC DC power supply? Yeah, it's no no, right. Okay real quick I just want to let you know that I did respond to the Brandon Brandon Joe Williams guy and we're probably gonna see if we can book for this coming Tuesday But I'll work that out. 

Okay, I'll handle it. Just just giving you the heads up Okay, so I had another piece here. Oh crap. 

I pressed the wrong button one second. I'll get it back but There was let's see. Was there a follow-up on that? I don't think so, but let's just double check and Let's see. 

Oh, okay. This is a different one. There was a discussion with a friend about the depopulation Could it just be an accurate accounting because people are talking about how the population is shrinking But he's saying, you know, because the Chinese are now sort of accounting for you know Is the fact that their population is not as big so real I've been saying that for 20 years Yeah, he said let's real talk goes into it But she's looking at it from a mass death issue along with lying about the real numbers as their birth rates were never above Yeah, let's okay Is that right, let me just say it this way there was a psychological study this is parallel to it's on a segue Psychological study which you know just again they do grunt work where they looked at sociology for People in college young people in college and they figured that if you go to a big College like Zuma sir, you know UMass University Matt or is Stony Brook or a big big college obviously you could have a lot of more friends than if you went to a College and they did a study and they found out and if you went to a big college or just a little small student body you still had Really acquainted with three or four or five people and it was the same people around you whether you were in a big group a big Institution or a small institution. 

You always had the same number of people that you associated with So that was interesting and I would say the same thing goes for population depopulation. What are you seeing? What are you seeing around the environment even if you're living rural and you don't see people you're going to go into this town for a Market, what do you see happening in your little town? And by the way, even if I say little town I'm not excluding places like big cities because when you live for a long time in a big city It does start to feel like a little town Yeah, I live in a moderately sized or medium-sized city for America and quite honestly You can observe that there are less children presence. That's the way I would do it Yeah, so for example, there are but you have to understand trendy, whatever when I lived in Park Slope, Brooklyn it was becoming yuppified and gentrified and they Moved in and started having babies. 

So the biggest one of the biggest businesses in the 90s Park Slope, Brooklyn was baby strollers Every time you like every other woman you saw she was pushing a baby stroller that didn't necessarily work If you were lived in Morristown, New Jersey that you didn't see that there, right? But what I did is they created a whole bunch of industries not just the strollers But there were whole sections of baby, you know, like there'd be a baby section at the Sears now You know that right in the 90s a big baby. This was the gentrification. So you have these micro trends, but generally no We're on the way down. 

You have to be because the food is is Toxified it's poisonous At this point not poisonous, let me just say no, it's not optimum. It's a combination of discouraging people from having children because of the conditions and the fact that I think we're also kind of being What you know, what do they call that? The way you discourage we've got over this many times people from having children as you sexualize the society like we've mentioned if you go A place that has a highly sexualized society and knock on people's door. How many children are here? Let's say none or one or two Maybe but if you go to a society that has sexually repressed repressed You knock on the door how many children you have seven eight five ten, right? It doesn't make any sense so the way you sexually repress a Repressed population is by when you go into a convenience store Right behind the cashier point-of-sale. 

You got condoms and porn, right? And all that stuff and then there'll be no babies but if you sexually repress They're gonna have a lot of babies, it's the opposite it's not like farming where you know In other words, it's the opposite of farming. If this sexual encouragement is like watering and fertilizing Nothing grows it's over Don't water. Yeah, it's over saturation. 

You know what I mean? If you flood the lawn, it's not gonna grow the grass real well Yeah, but it's actually the opposite of of what farming is in terms of energetically It's the opposite the more you give in that direction the less Output you're gonna have if you almost ignore It'll grow better. Yeah a flooded. Okay. 

In other words, you're not growing stuff in a swamp plenty of water there But you're not gonna grow stuff in the swamp You know what I'm saying? Because it's over saturation. That's how I'm looking at it Well, yeah, but the thing is also I'm looking at it from point of view like the ether it always goes backwards It's like it goes from low to high potential not high to low Right. We we live in a society where the science we're taught is something a high potential It's always gonna drain into something that's lower where the ether is the opposite the low potential feeds the high potential and most human Character in society functions that way you have the you have a charismatic Individual at the deus or the podium on stage and although less charismatic people are in the audience feeding energy to him, right? Right, so he always goes low to high in the ether also with you doing weather work Certain types of electrical work, you know, the dielectric works that way All these things so that's another way of thinking and both perspectives are true You know, but anyway, what else do you got we sound like this is like the Rambo version of Rated Y. Yeah, I don't want to ramble too much, but This is definitely a fun pattern breaker. 

Anyways any advice from the Greek on how to learn a language quickly, especially Yeah, Asian languages, which have very little in common with Western languages. Yes Yes. Well, why is it that people that live in a country or as a child grow up learn the language no matter what? It's what is it? Is it because this is how languages work? No, it's the desire to communicate and it's You got to be able to go to a store and talk to somebody in order to get food Yeah, you know, you got to be able to desire to communicate right in the someone who's not good at communicating is not gonna learn Languages, it's also a mathematical, you know mathematics is completely artificial It's a human construct where geometry is not because you can measure geometries, but you can't measure math it's a but Fortunately or unfortunately just like you might say language is a human construct People that are good at math are good at learning languages and vice versa So when you run into someone that's not good at math you ask them. 

How many languages do you know? One right typically not always but very typical or people that know many languages if you ask them if they're good at math They might say no, but they actually they could pick up they could learn principles and be very good at it very quickly But they don't just think about it because of a lack of train social Personal personal view of themselves also, right what they decided what they what decisions they made about how they're gonna function Languages There's a desire to communicate now The thing is when you're speaking another language and this is accentuated with the French if you don't put in Vietnamese If you don't pronounce it, right They just totally ignore you or if they see that you're trying to speak French because you're in Paris Anymore because they have pizza huts there, right? Yeah, but there's very snobby The Vietnamese will act like they don't understand what you're saying. If you just don't have the right intonations, right? So that the art is the first thing you should always learn is the accent like for example giving there's a you know, the Fallout video game they did a series on Amazon. I loved it By the way, the the main protagonist in there is a woman a young lady and she's very British But you would never get a sense of that she speaks like totally American born American raised American spoken. 

Yeah, she does the American accent really really really well and yes, there is an American accent, by the way, and So you must get the axe the feeling for the accent don't how are you gonna get the accent down if you don't know the Language, right? You can't so you get a feeling for the emo a feeling for what it's like The back of the mouth the top of the mouth, you know, whatever like for example Look you can pick up on the cadence and the intensity all the way words are spoken that way and that gives you a good precursor a pretext Yeah, you notice I haven't even gotten into the language yet because these things are just as important if not more important The other thing is whatever language you want to learn because of internet streaming go find out the country or whatever region That has that language and put it stream on the radio or your listening device The radio from that country or that nation that language that you want the talk radio, especially Yeah, I got a little bit of help with it with this one time and I used it for you know a temporary solution is I took a movie that I was very familiar with and Changed the language so that the spoken language was, you know That language and then put on the subtitles in English so that yeah, but it was also it was it Was it a voiceover not a machine doing it, right? No. No, it was a voiceover. So I think it was probably true to the Language. 

Yeah, they actually used to record and they still do like stuff like cartoons like the Simpsons. They record it in Spanish There's a separate Spanish speaker good example does Homer and whatever so you're familiar with that cartoon Maybe you know Simpsons been around for 30 years. Sure, you know, but this is exposed It's a matter of being exposed to it and then you have to learn it. 

Yeah, right. It's exposure in common stuff, though I'm not trying to you know, go to well, I want to be at the Louvre and no I'm not going to an unfamiliar surrounding I go to something I'm familiar with and then inject. How does that language work in my familiar setting? So, what do you think of that? No, of course. 

Okay. Yeah surround yourself with it, but see again It's the way your mind works the desire to communicate get the intonations and the accent down You still haven't learned any words right now the way you learn the language, especially It's going to be very difficult to avoid reading and writing If you want to learn a language truly So this is why I'm going to bring up this point forget about Rosetta Stone or a lot of other crap because that's done on the current psychology The true psychology or the spiritual side of how languages are learned is as a child, you know You can have a a child that hasn't gotten it gotten any schooling or you know academic training at all and they speak the language But once they get into like what they have nursery books Kindergarten first grade, you know primer grammatic primer. So what you do is you get a coloring book from the language you want to learn Right for the alphabet and basic words and you actually do the coloring book believe it or not because when you're coloring in Let's say the first letter of an alphabet You're going to be spending a little time on it right coloring it You're just not going to be flipping a page so that that has a another thing where it imprints again into you And within a few days Remember if you have the vocabulary of a five or eight year old in that language You're pretty okay, because if a five or eight year old is lost someone finds them and ask them. 

Where's your mommy? Where's your daddy? Where do you live? What's your name? How are you feeling? The child can answer all of that. You're pretty much Okay, right. So you want to start off forget about the meet-and-greet stuff, right? Stuck on you know a tourist stuff forget about that because that yes, you'll learn the language that way But you'll be stuck in that mode You have to do it organically, which is the way a child learns, right? Another thing I picked when I was a kid I wanted to be able to speak to some of the Spanish-speaking kids, right? So what did I do? I went to the library and I got the dr. 

Seuss book You know the cat in the hat very common It was in my in my generation the cat in the hat was a book every kid read it in kindergarten, right? So I got that but it was El Gato in sombrero And in fact, it had the English page and then the Spanish page copied every page you open did that No, yeah, that's that's fine But the thing is I'm saying is just dive into a primer which is for example, right people want to learn Hebrew There's a website in Jerusalem I mean you literally download the aleph tov a gobble and all the Hebrew letters on each page and it gives you a word it has a picture of what that word means and There's no English at all. It's just because it's out of Israel what they use in Israel for three and four year olds, right? That's what I'm saying. Don't the transfer for example having it in the language. 

You're familiar with the real bridging the language I don't recommend that I Don't say avoid it, but I don't I said Go right into the language without any help your curiosity will help you remember So when you see it in your language and then the language you want to learn that's not very helpful That's like it's not a form of cheating. Let's yeah, you know when you get the answers to a test, right? you don't want that you you want to stretch the mind a little bit because Then you when you stretch your mind and wondering what the hell is this first letter Just learn it and then it'll pop up again later or for this word. I'm not saying keep it a mystery but avoid Directly always using the the English to whatever language you want to learn Again, the desire to learn the language is very important. 

For example, I was not So I was semi-fluent in Vietnamese because I help people develop a Vietnamese restaurant Semi-fluent in Korean Because I had a Korean mobster client and I wanted to make him show him respect, right? I Learned some Korean anything before that. Yeah, anytime you have somebody who has a cultural aspect a particular You know where it's a narrowed cultural group. You want to be it's a form of respect Yeah, and just like look at Americans when you see him in American Let's say setting when a tourist or someone comes and they don't speak English. 

What are the typical America speak English, man? You're an American now, right? You notice how you heard that right? Oh, yeah Yeah, so that's so you do the inverse of that when you approach someone who you want to show respect to They're like higher than you on the pecking order You learn their language and you express yourself in their language. It makes them feel They know you don't speak the language but it shows like wow this person really went to an effort to accommodate me So you also have to understand that what learning our language is an accommodation principle Right and also learning multiple languages will help you on your path so you might want to learn a language and it'd be difficult but I'm saying no matter how difficult is learn it because if you Learn it and I'm saying just be semi-fluent because your average Person uses a hundred two hundred fifty words a day if you need a transcript average words, right? Which is not talking technical stuff. So if you remember when we used to memorize phone numbers, you know, right a phone number is seven words Well, there's no Greek is seven numbers. 

Well write down the write down the numbers and often numerics. It's seven words, right? And so when you do that, you know, I would remember ten phone numbers easily I knew I knew my relatives all my relatives phone numbers friends phone numbers neighbors phone numbers I would say that any given moment in that in that era. I was probably carrying around about 50 numbers in my head. 

That's right Associations to remember them. So the same thing so They were based on patterns a lot of them like I knew how to lay it out on a key even if I didn't know the Numbers I knew what how to make the pattern on the board, you know, so you had it that was your association The thing is you can recommend associations, but people naturally have them where they've decided what they're gonna use as an association A lot of people already memorizing ten phone numbers, which is kind of redundant it's actually useless not redundant to say that now because You know when someone asks you for your spouse's phone number You have to really think about it right because we don't you just have a cute name for them on the contacts, right? I mean how somebody asked, you know for somebody, you know, can I get your number? You don't most Exactly. So this is made a good example for people under 30 anyone that's under 20 Give them a dial rotary dial phone. 

It's as funny as watching a monkey trying to fuck a football, right? That's a try to what is it? You know, have you that's true though I'd hope there's a YouTube video and I very young people and people under 20 trying to give him a rotary phone That would be that would be really something I mean they might get the The touchpad because they're still they're still familiar maybe with some touchpad stuff, but the rotary phone is really funny though I've seen it in real life, by the way So but here's the thing Back to the languages you must have a desire once you learn one language It's a gateway drug to other things and you're gonna learn other language much faster because you already know how to connect right, but the translation there's a big difference between Translating and learning a language. That's why I said earlier when you want to learn what say another language Don't really rely on the English right next to it. Try to get away from that and but I don't know How am I gonna get into it? Will you get into it the same a very young child or infant does in that country now? This is not this is what I'm saying is really top-notch way of learning a language for about 75% of the time 25% of the time you might want to just cut to the chase and go to a YouTube that is if you're visiting this country as A tourist, what do you say? And they give you to you in English in that language and learn it that way just to get yourself primed Right. 

Sometimes you need to a primer. I mean a primer like an engine You got to dump a little extra fuel just to get it going and see if that works for you but if you really want to learn a language most people are not really learning they're learning how to translate because They'll give it to you in the language, you know, and then show you the comparable No, that is not learning a language that is translation learning translation, which is very different Right, so we should do I think I've given enough clues that about language that I was thinking of one day doing a mathematics language Webinar like just like I did the cooking webinar not yet And just showing what really works and learning stuff fast. But okay, what else you got a linguistics key could be fun How about this look since I was communicating with Matthew? He just threw me a question and then I'll be done with all my questions Okay regarding Brandon. 

Okay. No, this isn't regarding Brandon. Actually. 

He's asking a question. He just wanted to run in So we'll make him happy. He'll hear this. 

I guess he's a so tell him we're on this doing a sonic right now If you would to already did, okay, so super duper good. Okay, man. Can't wait to hear it. 

Okay Okay, I'd love to know his thoughts on quote the body attacking itself and quote if parasites or Microtoxins can cause those symptoms you can say Matthew asked you may already be familiar with my case Mm-hmm. So there it is sort of familiar with him who he's been going through but here's the thing. No, there was no attacking That's the Western stuff Where you know, I gotta kill the cancer kill the virus What do you what? Why are you gonna kill something that your own body created? Right? So what's happening? The attack is your body is actually Manifesting the energy from the materials that you've inputted in it and your environment give you an example One thing like we mentioned we've discussed with Matthew early back a few months ago was why don't you have some raw tuna? Very powerful, but if it's not working for you in three or four days, which it didn't That means that's not the energy that you need because think of a tuna It's a fish first of all forget that it's a tuna because tuna is very specific type of fish Think of a fish think of its skeletal structure where its spine is it's it's the bones are flat spread out The skin is nothing like yours. 

The environment is absolutely nothing like yours It's a matter of fact The fish body is so radically different from the environment we are in that if it's not jiving with you You're not getting anything out of it right away like a boost It's actually working against you because now your body in this environment is going to try to mimic What the fishes environment is and that's not a financial joke, but who's gonna put you under water, which is gonna make you worse So it doesn't take very long The stuff that I'm discussing with the condiments the change of diet and all that three to seven days If you don't have a major improvement or change In three or seven days, that's not you're not in the right direction. That's how fast it is Sometimes it's overnight and give an example with the burdock root What years of the years ago well years ago, yes, but recently on these sonics I told people if you Understand what eating beef is or you know animal and it gives you a boost, you know that energy Yeah, try some burdock root and it'll give you the same boost and we got a pretty good response Like yeah, man, Greek said eat bird. I got some burdock did it was just like eating a steak I felt right and that's a vegetable, right? Yes People went wild it was immediate. 

Yeah So if you so with Matthew if you're trying various foods and things it should be immediate improvement immediate Three days to a week max. So if you really the three days, he really 24 hours. You should feel a difference, but What I'm trying to say here is many of it we have to think uncommonly Because yeah, you know you tuna's got a lot of put you know, you've you seen a slab of tuna meat It looks like filet mignon, right? Yeah, it's very much a strong animal But it's not as strong as you know animal that's on the earth You know land. 

So One of the easiest things to reset would be grains But the type of grains that are the most perky like a brown rice Sequence when fruit grows it's on its way down right after the blossom, right? It's on its way So when you eat fruit, it's it's going to give you a little bit You know of what energy you can get because of the being a fruit sustenance Ultimately it's going to hang and you're gonna be feeling like you're going down because she fruit wants to go down towards the ground It's gonna be a downer after a while. That's it's energetic direction because that's right and off with a root or the Exactly. So when you look at grains that grow especially something that millet Barley wheat brown rice, they're growing up and up It's actually even when the fruit the end of the seed grows The reason it bends down is because it's so heavy, but it still wants to go upward, right? So it's going to be very constructive The same thing with that is legumes legumes balance that out because when you see beans grow they hang down But they're almost the same geometric pattern So they it's like a positive and a negative side a sign next to each other one crosses out the other so that my recommendation to him was a whole grains and Legumes which are beans the smaller the bean the better Even lentils but the and also a seaweed Seaweed being a plant Has a very very narrow nutritional value than Green things that grow on the surface of the earth, right? Like if you measure what's in seaweed chemically It's very basic compared to like something like Swiss chard or kale or spinach has all these you know, oxalic acids You know when you eat a spinach it gives you like the strips your palate You know that that makes your teeth feel like they've been sanded down, right? That's the oxalic acid You have a lot of complex things going because it's mitigating, you know, the effect of sunlight So going for a root vegetable or a seaweed with the grain and legume you should have Very positive results within three days. 

Now. Here's the thing about eating these whole foods And don't mistake this for processing process because you're doing it right processed food, but if you're not used to eating it You're gonna feel miserable right and What I recommend is making it in the form of baby food. So if you're gonna have Legumes for a few days don't eat them and there's natural state make like oh you what's that texture? What do they call that refried beans? It's like a paste. 

Yeah, right. Yeah, I make a bean soup You know have a bean, you know, however, you're gonna have it also but do a variety the same with the brown rice Don't eat just the steam, right? Here's the thing recommending the whole grains for food. Most people don't know how to cook it There was a by the way a documentary Jira Uno the most prestigious sushi sushi Yeah, juicy sushi sushi Sushi in Japan and There was a rice vendor that came to them and he said the Hyatt Hotel wanted to buy his rice He had the most exclusive rice in Japan because I wouldn't sell it to them because they didn't know how to cook it Why would you sell rice to someone who doesn't know how to cook it, you know? Cuz then that gives the rice a bad name, right? Why are you gonna sell somebody the best piece of steak in the world if all they're gonna do is throw it in a toaster? Yeah, that's right I've been I worked in a restaurant for a short time when They order a rack of lamb well done and I threw down my thing and I said they need to go to Jack in the Box You know if they want that, you know rack of lamb should be medium rare at the most. 

So anyway So you need to get the food most digestible so with their grains What I would do is make something called congee where you boil The rice down till it becomes like a paste and mash it up a little bit. That's what It's actually a congee soup. The Chinese soup is just boiled rice till dissolves into a thick Texture in the soup. 

It becomes a weird. Yeah, it becomes like a weird I guess almost feel like the Like watery mayonnaise Greasy no, I was sick. It's a watery starch What it looks like that's watery mayonnaise like if you took Mayonnaise is more grease. 

I could say wait. It's to me is like white axle grease. But yeah, I get your point Starch always lays down different than grease in my opinion. 

But but here's here's the thing. I'm bad eyesight, too That's fine. You I would make a lot of different varieties of these basic ingredients For example, I have an abundance of string beans, so I do a tie a tie string bean stir-fry then I do Finely chopped string beans stewed with tomato and onion, which is a very soft Mediterranean dish, right? Then you do a steamed String beans in a peanut sauce. 

So I've got string beans three different ways And if you eat them three days in a row, you don't feel like you're eating the same thing Even though it's the same ingredient. So you don't do the string beans with the cheese No, oh the French on you those who is it the white people do the mushroom it was an onion soup mushroom Me not the white people. There's a Mediterranean version where they put certain kind of cheese on it. 

It's like no, no Never even heard of it. Maybe I'll look into it, but it doesn't sound It's like a cheese and olive oil kind of comedy. It's really doesn't sound right, but it it's If you do a hard cheese, that's very sharp that always it's all flavor enhancer It's a condiment by the way a hard good Parmesan Reggiano Which is not a regular Parmesan grated. 

It acts like a condiment It's a very sharp like if you have very sharp cheese a good quality sharp cheese even dare I say a blue cheese like Maytag or something That acts more like a condiment in the body And it's a fermented as well So anyway, well the cheese go back to the food recommendation when the body is sort of attacking itself and atrophy another thing that could be happening with that is The body is sending out a signal that it's doing okay when it's not Let me say that again This is dramatic, but you know the AZT stuff and the stuff they you know, there's no such thing as AIDS No one died or got sick because the medication is a hormone That when you take the AIDS medication It's the hormone that the cells give off after apoptosis when they're replaced that they have grown back If you take the hormone the cells are gonna fall off Anyway, if you take the hormone the body's gonna think the cells have grown back and they haven't and they won't So you start to atrophy? Right, so that would be if the body is producing something like that, which is possible Right almost as if he's taking, you know AZT and AZT I think was ruled out They have like ten other drugs now replacement for it, right? They have all kinds of stuff now Now there's preparation to prevent and it makes oh my god. Yeah, they got like eight different. It's it's ridiculous Yeah, that's okay. 

I mean let them do what they got to do You know, if you confront them on this, you know what they say the medical people and how do I know this? No, if you confront them on what they're doing, they say we don't have a right to do that You're saying we don't have a right to exist. That's what that's sir. That's their answer to the to what they're doing, by the way Go they shift you. 

Well, yeah, it shifts over to the legal side, right? Yeah, there's a weird commercial out there actually Greek and and it says yeah, this is great This is you know, this helps prevent the spread of HIV and AIDS and blah blah They go through this whole thing and they show you males females having fun with each other This and that and you know laughing and playing drums and then at the end of it It says, you know all the warnings one of them says this this product has not been tested in people assigned female at birth Oh my gosh. Yeah. Okay. 

Well, let's get off but yeah, it's horrible But yeah, it's amazing what they're getting you to volunteer to but anyway, this is the I'm using this as an analogy So if the body is producing a certain thing when I had the circus flu This was after this was like 2022 23 or something like that 23 Last year. Yeah, I was like, oh my gosh. I got hit with something because the niece who was living in a condition She was a carrier of this energy that I picked up on and it was compatible because she's related a niece In other words, your sister's daughter or sister's son is very close to Maybe people said we even have similar mannerisms, you know, and we don't even I got cousins like that It's like you guys kind of do the same thing. 

Yeah, and we know it's been great. Yeah, it's in there So anyway, I got really sick and some things I mean you're gonna die from this or it's gonna get really bad So I said, well, I know what's going on. I need to change the pattern the code It's kind of like isolating a computer virus, you know, your computer is running shitty You got like super super spyware eliminator, wherever it finally isolates the code Right, and then suddenly the computer works better, right? So it's something like that So the body got into a mode where it was producing this very very unfit state of existence Where I was in the middle of the night, I stopped breathing and I knew it wasn't breathing It was stopped reading for so long that I put my hand on my chest. 

I'm not breathing I got to get this going again jumped in a cold shower with the window open. It was 35 degrees Outside as well and that got me back on I said, okay, this is really stupid So what I did was I got a really good piece of chocolate, but if you want to get into good chocolates Godiva Start off with that you can get it at CVS Walgreens actually carries it's like eight nine bucks for a five ounce bag or six cents worth it I think there's a little individually wrapped squares at Walmart even Godiva, I don't know. Maybe I hope so because then you get it just they are the chocolatier starting Springboard chocolatiers lint is not the Hershey's forget it that that you know, no, it's like saying Maxwell house is good coffee You know, it's you'll be happy if you're getting an oil change and they serve a Maxwell house You'll be happy waiting for your car. 

But no, it's not a good coffee. It's not even real Dollar General carries the short bars the small bars to now so Godiva for Godiva. Yep. 

Oh, excellent Okay, that is your start on what fine chocolate tastes like there is a whole slew if you have a market of local Chocolatiers meaning like they come out of like San Fran and I don't know about that You know with places like in the Northwest some I don't know. I think I never East Coast source $12 chocolate bars We're talking about the size of like a regular Hershey's, you know dollar bar. So but that is a good chocolate There's a whole bunch of I don't remember there. 

But if you want to get started on good chocolate Godiva, okay, that's your start I'm not saying just don't say it's got to be Godiva. No, but that's your start in quality. So you have a Whatever chocolate you get tasted good. 

I'd be like, oh wow. There's a really big difference qualitatively here So anyway, that Tony that Tony's is not bad too, by the way on that level sort of like Godiva Which one Tony's? Okay, I've never tried it. Yeah, it's very expensive by the bar, but Very much worth it. 

Their main push is that they don't use the you know, like the abusive child labor and all that But oh my gosh, yeah the quality No, but I don't care about that. But the thing is if the quality is up to par research high quality chocolatiers Yeah, it doesn't have to be chocolate it could be cheese right but then what I did was my way my way of looking at Wines is I always like a montage a mix. I don't get just one grape, you know in a cab or Merlot Whatever get a montage where that's several grapes mix. 

They tend to agree better There's they're less critical on adding sulfites or battery acid to them Even though it still contains some of it. So I took a swig of some wine and the chocolate Went back to sleep three hours later. I was fine as if nothing ever happened. 

Nothing at all So they just knocked it out and this is also worked with two other people That I've been in contact that thought they had the the kovat thing right knocked it out right away So it proves that when they do all killed all the viruses in the body. That's what I did, right? No has nothing to do with that Even on Wikipedia years ago. I read on a 2010 2011 I got interviewed by some very furry people on talk show And there was a lot of virus stuff going on in the news back then and I said, let's look up what it is even on Wikipedia Virology is a branch of toxicology and what is known as viruses are produced in the liver and Expelled out of the liver into the bloodstream. 

Boom. That is the classic doesn't talk about airborne doesn't talk about contagion doesn't talk about Injections as a picking it up on the surface none of that. Yes. 

Yeah your body creates it again and the reason I'm saying these things is because for 40 years, I've been reading stuff and the definitions of branches of the science of physio of being a physician of physiology and guess what 99% of the time unless you get into contagions and Even they're called induced diseases as a book that I looked at about tropical fevers and stuff, which is another thing But everything was produced by the body and we're looking at the old text, you know stuff where they really did some hardcore experimentation on people well, they still do But And they're putting it in print and I was like the body's producing everything Then when I started looking at anatomy cross sections of skin lung tissue intestines and say how does anything go through there? Nothing goes through there. It's all these layers of water resistant water repellent actually layers and Closed off with blood vessels in it. Nothing is going through so it is induction just like I read, right? So but anyway back to the Matthew thing, so I would break The spell of this with a good piece of chocolate piece of hard cheese and some wine if you should feel it in three or four hours a difference or an Onset of wellness or better fitness or a few days. 

You don't have to do this. Don't do this. It's not a meal I'm not talking about having a meal of chocolate and wine just a small amount Of both and wait a little bit three four hours just like when you take ibuprofens You take a you take a fistful ibuprofens, right? And then you wait three four or five hours an hour later If you're feeling like crap, you'll say let me take some more right? You don't do that, right? How is it a seat of my friend? What is it one works faster? I think the ibuprofen works faster than the acetomyophen, right? They're basically almost the same They are slightly different chemicals, but yeah, the thing is as far as their their activity and all that That's why they put caffeine on the outside of these things is The combination of the two. 

Yeah, you start I've seen that in a liquid right they combine a matter of fact Excedrin itself. It contains aspirin acetaminophen and Basically the components of Advil all together. So it's so it's a cocktail. 

That's a definition of a cocktail, right? That's why it works Actually, okay. Yeah, that's rapid. So this is a combination. 

So other things to try are Physical and mental things combination change your mentality change your physical You might want to get a massage if you don't get massages You might want to get some kind of physical therapy if you don't physical therapy could be a schwitz Which is you know a hot steam place, you know Bath massage slash whatever. I mean use your imagination break break pattern like Jason Brashear says change your Patterns in your life and see if that helps Again the whole grain and legume, you know being and seaweed would be or and root vegetable Start off with baby food Consistency not all the time do like what baby food meal, you know paste very hydrated with a whole fruit and eat infrequently because when you eat a Tremendous amount of energy goes into breaking these things down, right? Just like when you have a cold think of the burning aspect of calories right how stupid that is If you know anyone especially I knew someone back in the old old school boiler coal boilers, they used to heat the schools They had to go in there like three four hours before class and they busted their ass loading the boiler with coal because it takes A while to get the coal to burn and then once it gets burning. It's so hot. 

You'd have to throttle it down, right? It's a lot of work, you know to get that going and get it to stabilize and the same thing with the human body, that's why When you take these things take them in small amounts give yourself some time And that would be that's all I could recommend The other thing is there's something about seeing someone in person if you're very intuitive and you're good at this you almost need to see Physically see them or train someone who knows what to look for because there's very very fine things in someone's character and their facial Features that features when you're born, but their condition, you know, like bags under your eyes as kidneys, right? This that and the other right? The bottom of your earlobe a very deep crease is heart heart is being taxed too much, right? There's all these face reading and unfortunately, there's not much On this online I've picked up on that from studying Stuff written for years and years and I started putting and then speaking to people who did this And then putting my own version of it together and you have to be intuitive You also have to be in good fitness. If you're not feeling well, you cannot diagnose someone else, right? so So all these things, but anyway, it's going to take a little bit of time not a lot of time Three days seven days ten days to see a major change when you make major changes, but you need to go into these changes Abruptly because you don't you want to break what you're what you're experiencing, but not Radio network