Rated Y, Sonic Advent 2.2.3, and that's the way this is. Okay. Anyway, Greek, how you doing today? All right.

Kind of, yeah. You said we have a lot of questions. Let's get to it.

Yeah, we do have a ton of questions, and just quickly, to make sure that people understand this. I'm not skipping anybody's question, but some things are personal. Why do I say that? Because right at the top of the question list, somebody asks about understanding their daughter, and I'm not even going to bother to read the rest of it, because it seems to me like it's something where you would have to talk to the Greek specifically, directly, because it's something that would involve diagnosis, and I'm sorry.

I don't want to do that on here, because ... Right, right, if it's too specific. Some specifics are actually general. We'll go to that.

And some specifics are too specific. Got it. Right, and I'm just covering that, because people might wonder how it is I filter this stuff.

I try to bring every single thing you guys ask, but you've noted I've combined questions for you guys, and there is a ton of them this time, which we may break into two Sonics. There's so many. Okay? So I'm just letting you guys know that at the top.

All right, anyway, next question. What is the best way to deal with an upset stomach? See, that's general. Upset to the point where you drink a little water and feel like you're going to throw up.

What they call stomach flu, in quotes. This thing can last for days. If there's a trick to recover quickly from it, do you know of one, Greek? Yeah, well, let me just preface by saying there's more and more people in recent times that are getting that, including myself to some point.

Well, maybe it's because I'm being subjected to a lot of heat, Arizona, in August is every day over 105, 110, but no, that's a common thing. The stomach is a very interesting, it's like a sensor. You have sensor area in your mouth, in your nose, and if it bypasses that, your stomach will act like a sensor, right? True, and anything in a container, including the container of the human body, is subject to its environment.

We must admit that, despite the fact that the media lies to us all the time, reports like this is the hottest day we've ever recorded on the planet may be true. Well, yeah, we know anything they report to the public is already predetermined, right? Oh, yeah, but I'm saying that they don't lie 100% of the time. And they may be reporting the high temperature, because you dummies are going to notice it's hot.

Well, yeah, the global warming is always in the summer. Yeah, right. No, okay, so my point here with the stomach is, let's take it from this point, it's kind of like being a mechanic now.

You know, a good mechanic will hear a car going down the street and say, oh, that guy's power steering pump is bad, right, versus it's making that noise, right? Or they hear somebody turn a corner and they go, you know what that is, brakes and power steering fluid. Or your axle if you're clicking somebody, okay, so here that you have the sensors, which are there, we have very poor senses, by the way, you know, they we only see a very tiny percentage of visible light only hear a very small percentage of sound, small percentage of and that goes also for taste and smell. Right.

And, right. So like dogs can smell through concrete, pretty much. So right.

The way we sense what's coming into the body is most likely through the nose, because it'll usually pass the nose before it goes into the mouth. It's like a, it's like a hood, you know, like a kitchen hood over your oven, right? You notice that the nose protrudes over the mouth. So you'll get the olfactory nostrils right over what's right before it goes into the mouth.

If it passes the olfactory, it goes into the mouth, then the mouth, you have taste buds all over the place, their taste buds in the back of the throat, right? Some all years, we'll tell you that. And then if it passes that, it gets to the stomach. And the stomach has a very interesting setup, where there's something called a gag reflex, or whatever, you know, or beyond the gag reflex, what is it? Is it a reflex when people see something that actually makes them throw up? What is that called? Anyway, there's a term for it regurgitation, you will anyway, so when it gets to the stomach, if it passed the nose and the taste, the stomach will eject it, right? If it doesn't pass the stomach, right? For you know, emotion, you know, years ago, people saw a really something really gross, they would throw up, right? Just from visual.

So that's the stomach, because by visually throwing up, you're not getting an olfactory and an oral sensory pass. I wonder... Well, quickly, any one of the senses could trigger that, because some people hear a sickening noise, they tell you, it made me sick to my stomach to hear that noise. Yeah, it could be that as well.

Yeah. So but the stomach will react to, yeah, like, like, like you said, it will depend on everything else and make its own decision, let's say. So let's keep that in mind, because we don't consider the stomach to be, let's say to have that kind of function, right? It does.

So when it's when it's just the stomach, and it's going to eject something, it's out of tune. In other words, if it passed the olfactory and the oral taste, and it got into the stomach, there's something probably that's odorless, but the stomach senses it chemically, energetically and all that, right? The other thing that you could have is a is a what they call an amoeba, a bug, a parasite in the stomach, it doesn't go past the stomach because it won't survive. By the way, if you go past the duodenum or the duodenum, small intestine, large intestine called those parts that I just mentioned in the GI tract, the gastrointestinal tract don't have that function that I just mentioned.

So be careful with your stomach. In other words, be careful, because if you can tune into it, it will actually save you a lot of it actually, the feedback from the stomach can be used to tune the olfactory and the oral, right? So things you normally wouldn't smell or taste before, because you're tuned into how sensitive the stomach can be for anyone, you can retune your olfactory and your oral. Now, give you an example, when I traveled at one point, I drank some water from a spring that wasn't really a good spring.

And I felt like someone kicked me in the stomach for like two months in a row. And I told someone where I was, oh, you got an amoeba, you know, it was pond water, you know, and basically sat in stomach, what I did was I took charcoal pills for that, right? And it was gone in two days. And so I would say that having a stomach issue can be actually two things.

One is it's rejecting because it's just out of whack, like they say, or you have an amoeba or something sitting in there that is making anything that goes in there irritating to the stomach. Or it could be a toxification or something that landed there and is coating the stomach or whatever. Typically, if it's a short, whenever you have a short onset of something, doing nothing is the best thing and doing what's known to be good for you.

Typically, if you have a cure-all or whatever, like typically teas, right? Don't dehydrate or starve yourself, what will be your favorite tea? Stay away from teas. When I say teas, by the way, tannin, teas with tannin, you know, that look dark are not medicinal. They can be very rarely, that's a whole other subject, where when do tannin, tannic acids become medicinal.

But an herbal tea, a light tannin like a chamomile or ginger or whatever, usually to soothe that and see how that results for you. Because typically, most stomach issues are a sensory problem. It takes a lot to really mess up your stomach.

So yeah, and do whatever, see, there's so many things, like for example, I was speaking to someone the other day about discomfort, is they always give a chemical or physical reason. But ultimately, because nothing goes in and out of our body, it's all by induction, it gets teleported to the inside and teleported to the outside as waste product. It's induction, it's about tuning the field.

It's like a radio device that's out of whack, again, you have to tune it. So typically, when you're not feeling well, or you have an infirm condition coming on, you will have, for most people, the craving could be so short that you don't notice it. You can crave something unusual that you tend to like anyway, for half a second.

And that's what's going to fix you very much like the bladder produces the anti-venom when you have a venom, the body subject to a venom. Like if you're bit by a poisonous snake, typically, I'm doing what Grey's Anatomy does, typically most likely, presumptive language here. The antidote of the venom is produced in the bladder, but you only got 30 seconds to a minute to apply it, a little bit in your orally and then on the area.

The bladder produces it. So typically, when the body is infirm, it will give you a signal, a mental signal, eat this dummy. That's where I did the, what I had the circus flu, long story, it's in a previous sonic, it's been brought up many times over a year ago, a piece of a really fine chocolate or finer chocolate and some wine.

And I went to bed and three hours later, I woke up and I was fine as if nothing happened. I was wrestling this thing for like five days. So it could be something odd.

Like if you're craving a pickle, a cucumber pickle, a sour pickle, you're not feeling just take a bite of that and it'll retune the body. This is, again, where when you have a research, real research being done on the induction side of the body, we can figure out things where you can actually in the future take a pill. Right.

But the pill has a little dial on it. You tune it. Right.

I mean, you can imagine what can be done. Right. So.

Yeah. But anyway, that's that's what I have to say about stomach stuff. Well, and a universal basic apothecary could be developed, like you mentioned charcoal, which is another funny thing.

Call back to an earlier sonic. We don't usually put charcoal. But if you eat some charcoal in there, you might have an allergy.

Calories have no effect unless you're pooping charcoal because it has to be reduced to charcoal to have any caloric measurement. That's. Yeah, that's the joke.

So anyways. Yeah. So I think that's that's excellent.

Thank you for that. OK. If the gods created the reality we live in, how did these dark entities take over the whole thing? All right.

I'm going to. Well, who says they're dark? That's how they're labeled. Right.

Well, they appear to be malevolent to most people. And a lot of people have this idea that the gods aren't. Which.

Yeah. Well, here's the thing. Like, for example, give me an example.

I recently was out and I started talking about the financial stuff and some people got really pissed off. Oh, yeah. Deb, it pisses them off when you break their paradigms.

Really, really. Yeah. Sorry.

Really quick consolidation to this question, though, is they want to know if this is some sort of game here. Like if we're actually just game pieces on a board and that's all there is to this. So go ahead.

Well, a game. What is a game? Most of the games are a reflection of activities, opportunities or conditions that you have every day. Social, cultural, whatever.

Like, for example, the Monopoly game board. What was that was based during the Depression, you know, acquiring property seemed useless and hopeless at the time. So they made a game board to so you can experience, you know, the passion was no longer a serious thing.

Yeah. I put Atlantic City in the mix. I mean, those are literally the streets there and everything else.

We have the risk. You have all these game boards. What are they? They always represent.

Battleship is another one. Oh, right. Right.

Chess, checkers, bridge, all these things represent a lot of people speak on, you know, international politics is a chess game. It's not. It's actually a bridge game because chess, you have one versus the other.

And always when you have international conflict or, let's say, incidents, it's always a partnership. Allies are involved. So well, there's more like bridge.

Well, there's a guarantee of a triangulation. And then there's partnerships where you have teams, which would be bridge more than chess. You hear a lot of people say, oh, yeah, they're playing 3D chess.

No, it's not. Very rarely do you see chess in the open political scene. It's always a game of bridge.

But so. So, again, I'm giving the game analogy. Yes.

Only if you take the game analogy the way we just mentioned, because if you say it's a game, it sounds like children's whatever. Right. It's not.

It's games are. What would you say? Would they be a reflection, a representation of real things or scenarios or events or incidents or whatever? So, yes, in that context, it's a game. Yeah.

There's simplified methodologies for representation of real world things. Right. I mean, that would be.

But what I'm trying to like overshadow and get away from is when you say game, are you playing games? It means like it's frivolous and whatever. No, games are not frivolous or whatever. But that's how the language is used.

Right. Just like the word nice is used to connote something and it means something else. I would suggest here the meaning of a game is to represent larger, bigger events and things that are very serious.

So it's a serious game. And then they got things like you play stupid games, you win stupid prizes, you know, saying things like that, cliche stuff. So, yeah, it would be a game in that context.

But who's malevolent? You know, when a bank is robbed, the robbers are considered malevolent. But when the robbers get busted by the cops, the cops are malevolent to them. Right.

Right. You can see how religions battle it out. One one venerated God on one side is the enemy of the other.

And yeah, that's really difficult. Well, you know, here's the thing. In the large scheme of things, there's no good and bad openly.

It's about things making balance. Give another example. In Star Wars, people think it's the dark side of the force versus the light versus the light kind of force.

No, it's not. If you even study the lore that the writ of Star Wars, not just the film or listen carefully. It's not about light versus dark in Star Wars.

It's the it's out of what out of balance. Right. The light, the Jedi, the good Jedi never wanted to get rid of the Sith or all these other.

It's about putting it in balance. It's when the dark side started overcoming. I was out of balance.

So when you say malevolent or good or bad, it's it's not good when it goes out of balance. Let's just put it that way. It's a balancing act.

So what's good or bad is what you pick. Like, you know, if you go to the Bible Belt or the buckle of the Bible Belt, Muslims are bad. Oh, yeah.

Right. So and if you read so. But if you go to a country that is Islamic, by the way, Persia is not Islamic.

And I've been watching what they're doing there. And it would be quite good to eliminate Islam out of Persia or Iran because it's not an Islamic country. Never was.

Never will be. The people there, they just whatever. So, you know, get your your sights on how things are viewed internally and from the inside out and from the outside in.

And you'll see there is no malevolent, really. It's just a matter of is there a balance. Right.

So is death malevolent or benevolent? Right. Well, it's neither. In my mind, it's it would be viewed very much as malevolent.

She didn't even accept accepted as a fact of life. Yes. If you want to understand these things, you need to remove sentimentality from it.

Very simply, like if you stand facing another person, ask them to hold up their left hand. Now, when they do that, that is on the right hand side of the image you are viewing. The person you are.

Yeah. I get it. Right.

If one side's right is another appears to be someone's left. Yes. That's just as simple as you can make it, I think.

Yeah. But let's let's say even from the biblical thing, let's just go in. In Job, Satan is walking around in a heavenly court or a heavenly council.

Yeah. And he's like, what are you doing? Hey, I'll go down and mess with this. This character is brought up and he's OK.

Go mess with him. Well, if he's so malevolent, so bad, what's he doing in the heavenly council? Satan with. Right.

You see what I mean? Of course. So it's not this. The public has been over cheap dip, let's say, or indoctrinated in the concept of it's either good guys, bad guys, black and white.

You know, the winner loser. There's this. Right.

Cowboys who wear black hats, cowboys who wear white hats. You know what? They're both cowboys. Period.

There you go. And black hats. So that's a meme in the alternative media and all that.

But yeah, when you get over that, then you tend to accept the not. Here's the thing. I was going to say fear.

You know, a lot of people say don't fear. That's bullshit. Everyone will always sense fear in certain conditions.

The real thing. You know, you hear that. Don't fear.

Right. That's that's like having someone sit in one place, like in a meditational lotus position position and having them quiet their mind. It's impossible because when the body is still, the mind is racing.

Right. So when someone says, well, when there's a meme, no fear, that's total bullshit and that's very disabling and it makes people crazy. The real thing is, even with fear, can you still function? Right.

Because most people, what does fear do? It disables you. Right. So can you remain able and as able as you were, if you're not, you're under fear.

That's the point. So can you stay on the path and the covenants and the things that you agree to do, want to do, aspire to do, live to do in the face of adversity, which would be considered malevolent? That's the point. Can you function with how much malevolence? For example, I see in the public, everything is malevolent, coat sugar coated.

Right. Does that mean that? Right. So what does that mean? Well, I am so, let's say, planted and firm.

I'm standing on what I know these things are. And you just go about, however, don't let them affect you. Right.

Right. OK. So from a previous Sonic on menopause for women, it is good to increase quality yin.

Quality is young, but I read it depletes yin long term. Do you recommend saying that again? What is your coffee? OK, let me, let me begin again in case I'm OK, in case I much mouthed it a little bit. Sorry.

OK. Previous Sonic menopause for women. It is good to increase quality yin period.

Coffee is young, but I read it depletes yin long term. Do you recommend to eliminate coffee in this case? Like in somebody who's menopausal, I guess. Very personal.

Are you an upper or a downer person? In other words, do you when you take a downer like wine or any other chemical downer, does it satisfy you more than an upper or it doesn't matter either way? That is, in other words, are you a stimulant or a relaxant? Right. What would the opposite of a sedative? It would be stimulant and sedative. Right.

Well, yeah, that would be the there's another term for it. But yeah, it's a yes, sedative, sedative. That's how they put it.

All right. Sedative, sedative. Yeah.

Which one are you? Upper or downer? Right. So that's the first thing in your character. Right.

And then the second thing would be the quality of the coffee. Give you an example. I cannot drink inorganic coffee.

If I do, I have like this chemical rush and I'm jittery and whatever. For some reason, it's what they're spraying on the coffee. Maybe it's overharvesting.

When coffee is overharvested, it produces a lower quality caffeine, kind of like the growers that grow the cannabis. They pick on the plant because it irritates the plant. When the plant is irritated, it makes a higher supposedly THC content.

Right. When coffee is overharvested, it does something similar. So there's so many factors here.

Like, for example, if I were just to drink non-organic coffee, I would probably not. I would cut back on coffee to the point where it was an irrelevant thought. Right.

And so it all these things matters. That's the fine point. I wouldn't think coffee is such a big issue unless you're like me that drinks like ten cups of coffee a day, right? So if you're a serious coffee drinker and you consume a lot of it, switch to a higher quality coffee and then throttle back, see how you feel.

But things like menopause, a quality yin. But remember, that part of the body, as you go lower, that's more of the yin part of the body. As you go lower, where the feet are the most yin.

So in order to attract an energy to that part of the body, it has to be yang, right? So meat products and salts and minerals go downward, right? And the yin stuff, which goes upward towards the yang part of the body, which is the top of the head. So it depends on what you want to do. Do you want to nourish that part of the body and meaning the reproductive organs, right? Then you would need something balanced, vegetable, grain, whole grains, beans, fish, things like that.

So it depends on what you want to do at the quote-unquote menopause stage. Is it you're looking for nourishment? Are you looking to counteract a condition? We can get more personal on this, like lubricity for women is an issue at that point, right? And sensitivity because of that, right? So do you want to, you know, there's so many factors, boy, oh boy. And you know what? If I was doing a consult with 10 different women, it would be almost five or I assure you five to seven different remedies and approaches.

So this is, but at least we brought this up and give you a little more of a concept of how to think about it. Yeah, no, fair enough. And it's a big point.

Like, like, okay. So when I took painkillers, they used to give me energy. I've seen other people turn into zombies.

Exactly. Like, yeah, it's, it's like we said earlier, if it's your character, right, right. The first thing we mentioned is, are you upper or a downer, you know, person, you know, which, which, which suits you better, right? Right.

So you've seen the depressed person drinking versus the, you know, guys running around screaming and yelling. He's all energetic. If they're drunk, even in a drunken state, you have different types of people, you know what I mean? And yeah, alcohol is pretty universal.

Anyways. All right. In a, let's see, can we, oh, can we get a sonic or segment of the sonic dedicated to better understanding the cosmic ether? Also would like to know the Greeks take on the Trinity the Christians are always talking about.

You could skip that one. But yeah, the Trinity is something that's better. Let's go backwards, because it is backwards.

There's no Trinity in the Bible. It was injected later in one of the New Testament books. The Trinity, there's nothing wrong with that.

But if you study, let's say, let's say the biblical Trinity, it's not father, son, Holy Spirit, because the spirit is, is not, it's not tangible. It's the mind of the Godhead, right? Spirit is mind. So the real Trinity, believe it or not, if you were to make it tangible and have a real Trinity from a religious perspective, theological perspective, let's say, by the way, religion and theology are not the same.

And right. So think about that for a minute. You could pause and think about that and in three hours, hit play again.

But anyway, yeah, religion and theology are not the same. The real Trinity is, you're ready, father, son and man. That's the real Trinity.

Right in the middle. So yeah. Anyway.

So OK, let's put that one aside. What was the first part of the question? Oh, yeah. Back on the first part of the question was they'd like to get a sonic dedicated to better understanding the ether.

Oh, my gosh. OK, what I would like to say on that is, can you use something when you don't really fully understand it? Answer is yes. Forget about all the mumbo jumbo and academic bullshit.

Ask any physicist or electrical engineer or electrician, electrical engineer, electronics engineer, what electricity is. And you're going to get if you ask 100 people, you're going to get 100 variations of something. And you're going to say basically the the most technical term to describe what all these people that I asked what electricity was, was bullshit.

None of them know. But do we still use it? Because we don't fully understand it, does it mean we can't use it? No. And we do use it.

So and by the way, I mentioned electricity is because you cannot understand electricity without comprehending the ether. And the electricity that we use is pressurized, magnetically pressurized ether, static electricity. And what makes the static electricity is the ether.

The ether is not purely electric as there's the five ethers you could look it up. What are the five ethers? You know, there's the life ether, chemical ether, the heat ether, the light ether. Right. 

I think I left one out. Yes, you did. Yeah, they have different colors associated.

This was like a very much a Rudolf Steiner. Rudolf Steiner had a secretary and he wrote the book after Steiner died, because Steiner was such an asshole. Oops, did I just say that? He was afraid of over over criticism, you know, Steiner would step on him so hard.

But anyway, I don't remember the name of the book. It's Man or Matter is something similar to that. Man or Matter, M A T T E R. You can get into ethereal experiments.

There's ethereal experiments that were done that were supposedly debunked and whatever. But they they redid them. And there is an ether shift.

So that's all I'm saying. All this stuff, it's like who who knows what it is. And I've mentioned before, we may never know in this state that we're in because it's really like a primary thing.

Like if you are a video game or a video character, it's really hard to discuss the pixels. We cannot objectify it, but we can use it. And anyone who's been around for the weather work webinar that I did can attest to the fact that it is accessible.

Right. I don't know. Cosmic ether. 

When you say cosmic, typically meaning all the stuff out there. When we say cosmos is a Greek word, just means world. But cosmic from the if you grew up in the 70s, wherever billions and billions and billions of. 

Right. So that was the Carl Sagan joke out there. I'll tell you what, though.

Tesla, the writings, which are very few of his writings are on the Internet. But I remember reading a bunch of Tesla from Joe Blankenship's notes, whom he met Tesla when he was a young man and then people that were around Tesla and Tesla pretty much figured out in his mind, he had a very good mind that as you go further up, like vertically in elevation and out of atmosphere and so on and so forth, the ether is more dense and more dense and more dense to the point where, for example, let's say you were able to go to the moon. It would be like walking through mud or eventually it would be so dense to you that it would be try to burrow through a piece of steel.

You couldn't move. And but you can see right through it. See, that's also what makes gravity.

The ether is dense out there. The earth is in a vacuum and it's rushing in, pushing everything down. So, oh, my gosh, I just had like a whatever explosion.

What is the ether? I can go on for four hours. Stop it. Where's the pause button on me? OK, let's pause that because you did bring up weather work and somebody did ask something about they wanted to get their eight year old involved in weather work.

And I thought that was kind of an interesting thought. But how would you start an eight year old off on weather work? The concept. Well, eight year olds love seeing moving pictures.

So go go to YouTube or whatever and type in Trevor James Constable weather engineering or you don't have you've put in weather engineering. Scroll down. There's a couple of forty five minute one hour videos.

Sit and watch that. And Trevor is a very explanatory. And he brings up the ether.

And that would be a good place to start. OK, but about weather work, though, for me. Yeah, that's weather work. 

OK, OK. I just want to make sure I understood in a recent lookout for Charlie. He says that the Shuman and I'm thinking he means shaman.

But anyway, residence residence has been hijacked. So any psychic readings these days are not trustworthy. Do you agree? No.

Let's just say early German, let's say post World War one, the Nazis, right? The Germans. They did a lot of stuff, even with experimentation, let's say, of all sorts, natural frequencies, electrical stuff, microwave stuff, time machines, on and on and on. And they found there's nothing to be found in their writings of any significance of the Shuman frequency.

And I agree. The Shuman frequency is not is not relevant that much. And psychic, I believe, is when you're being the ethereal beings or non-physical entities don't know what to do with you anymore, what kind of mind to give you.

So they send someone to you that makes you opens up the psychic part of you. And so then you could see what's going on before. Yeah, but it's possible everyone is the same psychic ability, by the way.

Yeah, I think we talked about our previous sonics, right? When they can't anticipate you anymore, they send someone that helps you become psychic. So it's external, again, being psychic. So I wouldn't it would be a no and no on both of those aspects of that question.

OK, fair enough. Look, here's probably one of the last things we're going to get to maybe today. But the predominant force in the environment in cold weather when organizing your eating through the dark and this and that.

OK, hold on. The reason I'm going to condense this to touch, because there's basically saying, look, when it's cold outside, you know, but it's warm inside. That's two different environments that you're dealing with.

Which one really counts or do they both count? OK, good answer. He answered the same thing, which. OK, let's just take this really slow, because this is the kind of reasoning we need to apply.

And it's so basic. Remember, we're mid-level, mid-range thinkers. We don't comprehend the simple or the complex.

Either end of the spectrum eludes us. What's bigger in mass and size the inside of your space or the outside? That's obvious. OK, so what's going on outside? What's going on inside is the immediate comfort point, like scratching your nose.

Oh, that feels better. So when it's wintertime, that is the predominant environmental condition. And you go inside of your dwelling for some comfort, right? Right.

And that's that's really minimal compared to the overbearing environmental condition. And a good example is getting acclimated for submariners. Submariners think of the conditions.

Yeah, well, they're fine in the boat. They call it a boat. It's called the boat and they're fine in there.

But their bodies change very much according to where they are in the depths of the of the water and how they're trying to how fast it's traveling. A lot of health issues, by the way, with submariners because of that. And it's never really been addressed.

Well, they address the symptoms, right? Remember, all the pharmaceuticals address symptoms, not causes. Yeah, so well, that's always the purpose to mask the symptom as opposed to addressing the issue, which, by the way, somebody asked about parasites and look what kind of parasite. You got to be more specific.

And also, if you don't understand the parasite, how are you going to understand how to kick it out? It was too tight. There's one that you that goes in through the GI tract, which is the mouth to the anus. Right. 

It goes in. It actually could go, but either way, it's external. And it's just like a choo-choo train going through the tunnel.

Just like that. Right. And there's the other type of parasite that the body creates internally, just like in Star Trek. 

Right. They push the button, get on the what do they call the thing where they beam you the transporter pad? Yep. Yep. 

And they transport it. Actually, your body actually creates some of them. Yeah, that's a really bad signal.

You know, just like in Star Trek, the transporter, whatever is on one side can be if it's broken down. Right. And then the signal is sent to the other side and it's reassembled. 

Right. Right. And it's an emergent.

There's a lot of stuff, by the way. I've been speaking to some people in the media about emergence. Like they don't know how, for example, a very high quality stainless steel water bottle.

You know, the you know, the big water bottle fad. People carry water bottles around. They protect it more than maybe, you know, years ago.

That was more popular, maybe. Right. And all the stainless steel ones developed a real nasty fungus and mold and bacteria in them.

And you're like, you know, why the glass doesn't do that. Right. It's because it's an emergent.

In other words, it actually forms in the water because of the stainless steel. This is commonly known. And that's the only steel bottles develop that.

Where does it come from? It's the same water that we put in plastic and glass. It doesn't form in those same condition because it's an emergent. You have emergence, things that just appear like biogenesis would be an idea.

This is way this sounds so freaky, you know, to people. But it's you can experiment with it and see how it happens.