The Sonic entity known as S.T.E.A.L. is here to take the lead. The whole thing with academia is if you study it, you know, like a lot of the stuff we talk about, you know, history of this, you know what this really means, like the word nice or birthdays, cannibals and dolls, all that stuff. When you look at how academia is set up, it's just, what do you call it, atrocious, which someone looked up the word recently for me and it says it's criminal, this, that.

It's a pretty harsh word when you say atrocious. That's where atrocity, I think, comes from. Atrocity, right. 

Exactly. Yeah, it's horrible. Yeah, it's nothing like it used to be.

And it's programming, just like what they do with television, by the way. If you look at TV programs, right, when they tell you it's season one, it's 1-0 and then it's the number, right, for the season and then the episode. So when you go to the second season, they begin with a 2 again.

That's like the same thing they do with classes. So it's programming. Yeah, but you brought up the academia part.

Oh, man, that needs to be just, it's kind of like the doctors. When the medical doctors go away, people will be more fit. They'll get their fitness back.

Notice I didn't say the H word. The H word was... Oh, you disappeared on me, Greek. Yeah, I'm back.

Whenever the phones, we're using Jitsi, by the way, folks, and when the phone that's on the stupid rectangle decides to turn the screen off, you can't. So I have to keep my finger on it, you know, that and other things. But yeah, we have a couple of things in the chat, diversified stuff.

Maybe I'll start off with that. Ed asked, it was mentioned years ago. I'm just going to paraphrase here about the Christ being a biblical Christ, which no one really knows because no one reads the Bible.

Right. And not being facetious, we will be like a model human in a way. Yes.

And then there's judgment and all that. But those words need to be looked at closely again, how it's placed. And there's a lot of biblical talk, by the way.

This is not answering what he is asking here, but none of it is accurate. Very little snippets will be accurate. But the general overview is not correct because all we have is biblical and history.

And it seems like you got to pick or choose because when you pick history, you don't find much and at all really some. And when you pick biblical, it sort of lines up with history. So you got to know the entire scope, but you got to know it from a non urban legend point of view.

It's one of these first hand things you have to experience. You experience the second hand information first hand maybe. But here he says, basically, do you think that reincarnation can only be specific to certain individuals? No, it's granted to everyone.

Biblically, all men will come back. Right. But then there's like different levels.

It seems like if you understand what's being conveyed in mostly in the New Testament or even the Old Testament, doesn't get much into it. But we're sort of like in a boot camp right now where we're being monitored and graded to use not such a specific term. Let's not be specific with the word.

Remember years ago I said when you grade someone, that's very degrading, right? So it's an open subject. But there's not much of a contrast. I mean, it's limited information and it's still an open subject because the information that we get about what happens later, the next society is like Swiss cheese.

You know, you got a block of cheese, but it's got a lot of big holes in it. You know, take it back. Take this cheese back.

It's missing parts. Right. Until you find out that's how it's made.

Right. You say, well, no, no, honey, that's how Swiss cheese is. Oh, OK.

Yeah. I never saw cheese with big holes in it like that. You're supposed to take it back at one that doesn't have the holes in it.

Right. Yeah, no. That's the way it comes, which is interesting because it kind of ties together with one of the questions I have, which is a Greek said the next thing coming is to be a cleansing of which you can't compare to any other times.

Biblically speaking, this era began with the Assyrians wiping out all of the neighboring tribes. So if the cycle continues, that's what should happen at the end. Severe wiping out of humanity.

But wouldn't that have happened anyways with the Earth shift and the cataclysms? Yes. Both. Both are true.

Yeah. But I believe there's a control behind it. You know, there's a deliberate control, which segues to the next one.

I think person here, individual, whatever you want to call, just Brian 44 posted about his sessions of ayahuasca and basically reduces it to down there's malevolent and benevolent and somewhere there to help. Right. Guess which ones are those? Actually, sometimes the malevolent ones can help you more because the benevolent ones, if you survive, the benevolent ones are not giving you a formula to free energy or perfect fitness.

And longevity, are they? Right. Anybody say I ran into a benevolent being and here's the schematic for free energy and whatever, whatever, whatever. Cure cancer.

We know some stuff like that. You can't cure cancer. Actually, having cancer means that if you didn't have cancer, you would have died.

Right. But anyway, yeah, it's kind of tricky. But the thing is the help or malice, whether you're dealing with good ones or bad ones, there's not much of a crossover because being in a physical state or being animated because you have a physical body is a very, very, very tricky thing.

And usually we're left alone, believe it or not, with all the screwing around that's been happening to us. We're left alone because we're really physically based. You know all the airy fairies always talking about the spirit and the physical body.

Actually, we're more physical than spiritual when we're in the physical body because 99% of your consciousness is, if not more than that, actually 100% of your consciousness is based on your physical body working. In other words, when you're unconscious, unless you speak to the NDE people, there's no consciousness. So it's a very, very tricky thing.

They use the reference of snowflakes to people, the ones that fall apart real fast. We're kind of like snowflakes, all of us, to these spiritual beings. Now, it doesn't mean they can't be around us.

It just means the indirect interaction and affecting us directly is really like touching a snowflake because of the physical body. Well, and everybody that has these experiences, it's always, did they ask for the cure to cancer? Did they ask for it? No, they didn't. They never asked those questions anyway.

That's true. They can say you didn't ask, right? That's a very typical meme you see when you shake the genie out of the bottle, let's say. You didn't ask.

Well, right. I mean, at the end of the day, you didn't ask for it. You know, it's like the old, well, the meme is usually funny.

It's like, I really want to win the lottery. I really want to win the lottery. And finally, you get a note that says, buy a ticket, idiot.

You know, and so, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Well, it's like thing is I consider myself a dream master, be able to navigate. But recently I had this honest to goodness nightmare that I was being killed.

And it didn't, I didn't say to myself, well, this is just a dream. I'll wake up at all. I woke up in a terrible panic.

I couldn't go back to sleep. Kind of like Donald Marshall stuff. Right.

And I was like, Ooh, that was unusually realistic. Right. But I didn't die.

I was just being killed by some really odd creatures. They look like dust mops. Right.

They were like blue and there were some individuals and people involved. And it's kind of thing where you're in the matrix where you go pull back the curtains to go out the window and there's a brick wall. You open the door and there's a brick wall kind of thing.

Right. Very, very interesting. So at the time I was, I wasn't even thinking at all while I was experiencing this, whether I could see my hands move or mouths move while there was speech or anything like that.

I kind of like forgot about it. So what I'm saying is when you're in the presence of something like this, it's kind of hard to even remember you had a list. Right.

Oh, yeah. A list of things to ask. You know, you say, where's that list that I had for these guys? But you won't even forget that.

Oh, yeah. So that's like total chaos, disorganization. 40 years ago, literally 40 years ago, I had a dream about being wiped out in a nuclear bombing.

And these creatures that you're describing, very similar to those kind of like slashing mop sort of things, they started beating the hell out of me. And I woke up thinking, you know, like it took me a while to talk myself out of. That's not what actually just happened to me.

You know. Not during, but after. After.

Right. Yeah. Right.

Because during, I was fully engaged with what was happening. I was in a familiar place. I thought what was going on was going on.

I thought the bombs were dropping. Everything was lighting up. You know, the typical sort of.

Yeah, because we don't have a very strong connection to keeping the lights on, your consciousness, in order. You know, again, just imagine having a list of questions because you're going to be in a situation where you could deal with. You won't even remember that.

So you're very fragile, conscious. You know, it's. Yeah.

If I knew I was in the presence of demons or gods or whatever, I would have no idea about. Maybe I should ask him this question. No, I wouldn't because I was so engrossed in the experience that there was like.

Yeah. And even if you prep yourself and meditate on the next time this happens, you'll probably still forget. Yeah.

It's kind of a messed up thing. But, you know, there's some advantage point. We only still have the vantage point of surface to earth inhabitants.

Right. So I keep talking about vantage point. Also, someone plugged in YouTube short to Middle Nation.

Oh, yeah. That guy does some really good commentary. Here's the thing.

He knows enough about the monetary system to discuss that it's not fair, but he doesn't know how it really works. At least he seems like he's not using the proper banking verbiage. But he's pretty good generally overview.

He doesn't know about what's coming. He thinks like he'll say by 2070, there won't be much of Europe left, you know, as an EU. No, no, no.

You don't have that kind of time left. So, yeah, but his commentary is pretty forthright, meaning he puts forward stuff that if you repeat it in concept, you'd be pretty close to being correct on what's going on. All right.

But by 2070, I don't expect to be here. No, no, no. It's not good.

We're not even going to be in this. Archaics is pretty close. The sky won't even be the same.

The atmosphere won't be the same. Longevity will not be the same. Most of the people will not be here, even the ones that could have lived that long.

There'll still be probably population growth and all that, but on a different level. Okay, what else? You got anything else? There's always a remnant. Yeah, well, the last thing, I was going to ask if you wanted me to play that clip, actually, from that guy.

It was pretty interesting. Yeah, go ahead and play it. Yeah, okay.

You want me to play that? I'll pull it up right now. Yeah, the last one. Yeah, and then I got one more question after that.

But let's just take a listen to what that guy pulled up, because it was really, really dark and direct, what he had to say, and I think it's worth it, so let's listen to it. Sure is. They have never operated in the world, in fact, like they're even a part of the human family, let's be frank.

They have operated in this world like some sort of alien predator that has just come down to drain the sweat, blood, and tears of the human race and to ransack the planet's resources. That's how they've acted. Like they have somewhere else to go where it's all been depleted.

I mean, we have to be honest about this. We have to confront the fact that the West has operated with absolute malice, with absolute contempt for the whole world, not today, not yesterday, but literally for centuries. And there is no remorse.

There is no repentance. There is no rehabilitation. Literally the only thing that has changed now, today, is that now their malice and their contempt has made them turn on their own nations.

They haven't reformed. They're just repositioning. This is the only difference.

There's no change in their character. The A-National OCGFC are not our friends just because they're no longer constrained by nationalism. They're just as predatory and just as vicious as they ever were.

See, now, the OGFC, what is that? Yeah, it's an acronym that he came up with, just like we have PWS for Pope's Work Schedule. That's his own personal thing. I looked it up once.

It's the Overall Control, Global Control Group. I think it stands for something like that. Overall Global Control Group.

So his version of Illuminati, basically. Yeah, well, not his version, but he's just describing it. Yeah, pretty much.

The Illuminati are supposedly just a section of a class of people. He's speaking of someone that you've never heard of. We've heard of enough of the Illuminati, at least the founder and all that of the group, but you'll really never know.

And they're not even really called the Illuminati. They have a secret name. It's someone's name they use, right? Right.

So just like, you know, if I say, we got any Mary Jane, right? Kind of thing like that. So yeah, I think he's talking about the power structure. I've spoken of them that way.

I know they're not human, and they're not on the surface. They obviously have agents and proxies on the surface. Right.

But it's not so. What else you got? Okay, so last thing I got is, this is about the financial thing. Also, if there is a new financial system coming out, and if this is the seventh cycle, do you think new lawful money is being introduced to replace the old lawful money? That's part one of the question.

No, I think so. You're not going to get anything lawful unless you do injunctions. And also, if you study most laws, you can turn anything into lawful money by putting a restrictive endorsement.

Not gold and silver coin, which is real money, but it will put you in the category as if you were using lawful money. One day when I brought up the term injunction, that's the private remedy to what's going on in the public. For example, this ties in with an injunction for driving is when the cops pull you over and you don't have a driver's license, he goes to you, looks up your name, and on the screen it says, do not arrest, do not detain, release immediately.

He's like, oh, you're one of those. Right. You can do that for taxes.

You can do it for anything. And it's a private remedy. It's basically a private lawsuit, and they always accept it.

I've never heard of anyone had it rebutted or whatever. But because in public, you always have to lose. In private is where you really win.

And when there's a public win, there's still a loser because in order for you to win, someone loses. So in private, you have win-win. In public, you have winner-loser.

In private, you have good guy, good guy, bad guy, bad guy. But in public, it always has to be good guy, bad guy. Right.

You have to have that duality in public. Right. So like in public, magnets are North Pole, South Pole.

In private, there's the block wall. There always has to be someone is in the right, someone is in the wrong. A good guy, up and down.

Yeah, no, never in the middle, never. So these things that a lot of these law gurus that are talking about, it's all bullshit, unless they delineate public and private, which some of them do, but they don't know how to operate in it. Private is what you make it, right? So that's why a lot of times with the homosexuals, most of the commentary was what? I don't care about what you do in private.

In private, behind closed doors, all that. But once you make it public, that's how you divide everyone because, oh, part of the public says, oh, those are the good guys. And the other part of the public says, oh, those are the bad guys.

Yeah. Like it or dislike, right? But the general consensus is it's private. Whether it's good or bad, it doesn't matter.

It's private. Private doesn't matter so long as people are there of their own free will. Yeah, but the maxims of law are still withheld in private, the maxim of law.

So if you don't answer, if you acquiesce to something, you lost the upper hand. So we'll get into injunctions one of these days a little bit just to see. There's plenty of stuff online.

I don't know if I would use anything there because you have to know how to do a proper affidavit. But sure as hell, I'm doing injunctions. I mean, I already have one for travel, which I've used successfully.

But it's. Oh, he went away again. Yeah.

The screen just cut off. So, yeah. So that was what was the second part of the question? Oh, the second part of the question has come up with a lot of people, though.

And they've all asked the same thing, basically, which is the current financial system in the process of being destroyed. Is that going on? And is it being replaced with something else? Which is what he says here. Just another way to clean up the lawful money by giving people something.

No, no, it's not being you can't destroy something that's based purely on credit. So it's already destroyed. Right.

Right. It's already it's kind of like imagine a ship sinks and everyone's got these life preservers. And someone comes up and says, do you think we're going to get any life preservers? You're going to say, dude, we're in life preservers.

What are you talking about? Right. Right. Now, what's going on is just like you've heard, police have a license to kill.

Lawyers have a license to steal. Right. Yeah.

So they're just changing the way they're stealing from you. It's a little more obvious. Kind of like when someone's cheating on you, they hide it.

But then when you don't care, it's not so they don't have to be so hiding. They're just not hiding. They're not doing anything that they haven't done in the past 90 years anymore or any less.

They're just making it the actions are more public, I should say. Like, for example, if you use a short example, I remember about four or five years ago, the FBI went in and took safety deposit boxes out of California. Yeah.

Right. Well, that's because when you got the they didn't do everyone, only the ones that were standard agreement. Whoever modified the agreement, because when you didn't get a safety deposit, you didn't get their box raided and stolen.

When you get a safety deposit box or any agreement with the bank, it says that you're basically transferring all of your security interest, meaning any value that you have to them. All of it, not some of it. It's not it's unconditional.

So you need to change that. Yeah, we'll get we'll get into that. We talked a lot about that in the financial class.

When Tomiko was around, she's she's very heavily on modifying and rescinding aspects of a contract and all that. So all they're going to do is use more of the what they've been doing and just letting you know. So in other words, when they say, oh, people are losing their homes, the same amount of people are losing their homes whenever it's just it's more popular in the news.

Yeah. There might be a slight change, like a deviation, maybe five percent more or whatever. But it's not like suddenly everyone's getting a home foreclosed.

There's nothing like that's going to happen because you're you're living on credit as it is. Well, in 2008, there was a big shift, though, because they turned around and they dropped a whole bunch of, you know, supposed guarantees were all gone. So that's.

Yeah, well, that's all one sided, though. It's all one sided. You see, those guarantees are whenever there has guarantees, they were just conditions that could be modified.

But because no one reads, it doesn't matter. Right. For example, do you know that if you have enough time, let's say you paid off a car loan, you can go back and say, you know, that's fraud and factum fraud and factum.

That's fraud. And in fact, I am. F.A.C.T.U.M. Yeah. 

Which basically means that they didn't have the thing to lend you the money. Yeah. They asked you to do something because it was this.

And it turns out what what this was is not it at all. Right. You can go back with several ways.

The main way is with an affidavit and recoup everything, everything you've paid them, plus the original. So then you can go for damages three times the amount. So it's a ten thousand dollar car.

You should get the car and thirty thousand dollars. Right. Actually, forty thousand.

The ten thousand plus that, whatever. But it takes a long time and there's no court that'll that'll take that as a legitimate case. In other words, they don't want that in the public.

So they're going to settle with you or drag it on for a long time. Right. We notice something is being dragged.

There are ways to speed it up also, but that will be more later on the road or more private, let's say, discussion. But I was going to ask you something about the safety deposit boxes just real fast, because it has something to do with something legitimate that I've been trying to track down for a few years. You know, there was a case where something of historical value was put into a safety deposit box by somebody who was the alleged head of a company.

Right. And then that person died. So nobody in the world seemed to know where this person put it in the safety deposit box, but that it was placed in the safety deposit box and nobody could find it again.

Now, that doesn't mean this thing doesn't exist anymore. But who can even access that now? Well, it's a lost property, but it's it's still if it's in a safety, we're presuming it's still the safety deposit box, then you have to find the bank who has the safety deposit box. Right. 

OK. Now, it's actually it's not that difficult to do, by the way, because they're all listed. And this person, you know, a good investigator should be able to hunt that down in a week.

Yeah. Well, if somebody tried for about 10 years and couldn't find it because what happened is it was a good investigator. Yeah. 

Yeah. But I've seen it done by people that I thought were good investigators and they couldn't find it. But anyway, exactly. 

So you don't have to be smart. You just have to look smart or sound smart. Yeah. 

Well, yeah. There you go. I get it. 

It's not a put down, but I'm just saying, you know. I hear you. Look, you don't know until you get the results most times.

You know what I mean? Quite frankly, you can try and judge character all you want, but sometimes you get surprised. No, I agree. It's all perform. 

I'm performing like my old mentor, Trevor James Constable said, it's all the results count. Well, right. So I don't care what your title is. 

I don't care what your history is. You know, how about what results you're going to get me? And if you get the right results, that's what counts. Yeah. 

Well, you might care a little bit, but it doesn't factor in if you're not performing. There you go. No performance. 

No. Doesn't matter. Yeah. 

So. Okay. Well, anyway, did you have any other stuff from chat or anything else you want to go over? Because I'm out of questions over here. 

No, so am I. I think we'll keep this one short and we'll compensate for a longer one on the next one. Fair enough. Anyway, we'll keep we'll keep playing with Jitsi and see how that goes.

Yeah. I'll figure out how to keep the keep it going when the screen blacks out. By the way, if anyone hears this, if you have a slab or a stupid rectangle and you're on a Jitsi call, when the screen goes black, how do you keep the call going? Just put it in the chatango. 

Thank you. Yeah. Please do that. 

Or, you know, send it to me on on if you send it on the Patreon, I'll pick it up and I'll bring it to the Greek as well. Either way, let us know if you know how to do that, because I'm not using a stupid rectangle. I'm using a big old bulky computer. 

So. All right. Thank you.