Sonic Event 236, I think, and I got to tell you, I got a few different numbers dancing in my head just before I pressed record. So it is what it is. But off the cuff anyway, whoa, you doing laundry or something? What's going on? Greek? Oh, no, just messing around with the headphones.

Nice. Sensitive, sensitive. You have an oversensitive mic over there.

Sorry about that. No, no worries at all. Yeah, it is.

I was just curious. Cool. Look, it's better you have an oversensitive mic.

Yeah, I got a fan in the background. I'm in the office having a cigarette with an exhaust fan on, so. Well, I don't hear the fan.

So cool. Sensitive, but not too damn sensitive for the room. Anyway, you want to start with the questions at least? I mean, one of them is going to be extensive commentary, actually, so I'll skip around and let you pick and choose where you want me to go on it.

But short ones. We'll begin there. That's fine.

Okay. Actually, before we start, I just want to congratulate, there's a new person in Chatango that's doing weather work, I guess, from the weather seminar. I don't know if it was from the original one or from the one they picked up on Patreon.

Either way, single-handedly making rain near Detroit. So congratulations. And thanks, Greek, was one of the comments, and I'm glad I could help.

Okay, well, I don't know if I have the same person thanking you, but somebody else thanks you in the commentary in a moment. So we'll see, maybe it is an overlap, but we're not going to discuss their identity here. Anyway, so, and there's also progress being made as far as creating a forum.

So instructions were sent in a message. Hopefully we'll hear about that soon. Looking forward to it, actually.

Okay. So it's a short one. Ken Wheeler, or Ken Wheeler's, I got an S on there for some reason.

Ken Wheeler talked about those water helixes for years. Cool to see one done professionally. That was the whole of the comment.

He didn't talk about anything with what we're doing. He doesn't apply the block wall to anything. He goes to the edge.

He has a video a few years ago about how to structure water. This huge, like, thousand-dollar magnet, which, and the tiny little, I don't want to make fun of them, but I just, no, I couldn't watch the rest of the video. That's not how you structure water, but that's fine.

We called it water helix. Actually, Daniel Sala came up with that name a while back, because before that it was the scale-a-rater. Because remember in the 1950s, you had refrigerator and sink-a-rater.

Everything was a rater, right? Right. Back in the early days of home appliance lore, it was a rater of some kind. It was either a rater or a tor, right? Because you got garbage compactor, and there was some name for a dishwasher that was like something tor, and you know, et cetera.

So it was either a rater or a tor, it seems like. Go ahead. Hmm.

Refrigerator is the most common one. Oh, yeah. Cooler-a-rater, you know.

So I figured scale-a-rater, because I wanted to use a 1950s theme. So we came up with water helix for the same reason that Alexandra Watkins discusses. She's in San Diego.

She has Eat My Words as her site, and she names company products. She named Wendy's Baconator and Spoon Me the Yogurt Place. I'm in correspondence with her.

We'll probably do a barter of some kind, yeah, because she could use one. But she's quite popular. She's the first person to start a firm that just names products for companies.

Before that, you went to an advertising house, and they assigned someone in marketing. That's all she does. It's called Eat My Words.

Look her up. She has some cool videos. And the reason why I went to water helix is because you couldn't talk to Siri and say scale-a-rater.

It would do scale-rater, like the Raiders, you know, football team. Oh, geez, yeah. You could never spell it.

So when you have something like that, I just voice the text, messes it up, just spell it out letter by letter, letter by letter. It'll be all caps, but it'll still get it. We have another site called Hydrophos, H-Y-D-R-A-P-H-O-S, Hydrophos.

And we're going to thank Lorone for naming that and putting that site together. That's more like the luxury brand site. And I'm actually looking at, like, packaging, I don't know if you guys know about Jean Le Couture watch reverso.

Like any dildo that goes on and gets a watch gets a Rolex, right? But people who know watches get a reverso. It's like a polo player's watch. It's the only watch that, let's say you're going to do something that might damage the bezel of your watch, you actually pull it slightly to the left and then flip it upside down and the backside is exposed to the metal.

It's kind of neat. I'm sorry. I literally pictured a dildo with a watch on it and trying to figure out where to place the watch on the dildo.

Actually, I'm just quoting somebody that I know who's into watches, and most people have never heard of a reverso. But I like the packaging it comes in. It's kind of like a wooden box that has an inset and all that.

I've been working for the past week on the packaging. The Scalarators, we're only offering the Mark I, the original one, and it's 15 grand if you want one, not five, tripled in price. Go figure.

How did things like that happen? Well, silver is $45 now, isn't it? Yes, it is. It was trailing around $30 for a while and gold's over $3,500. So the Scalarator is $15.

Go figure. How did that happen? And soon to go up to $27 for the same unit. Yikes.

Anyway, did I just say that? No, I didn't say that. Did I? Okay. I think you did.

And we have five on order right now, by the way, that people are waiting for, so yeah. I'm interested to see what happens because I was recently talking to somebody about a branding specialist, which is one title they can give to somebody who does that, but I think that's somebody who works for somebody like the lady you're in contact with. Yeah.

Alexandra Watkins. Eat my words. Look her up.

She's got a bunch of short YouTubes and she's interviewed quite often. It's borderline psychology. She has a thing called SMILE.

It's an acronym for the name of your product should qualify, like it should be easy to remember, it should leave an impression, it should be longstanding, it should be easy to communicate, right? So Hydrofos doesn't quite do that, but it's the luxury. Uh, and if you go look at luxury websites, they hardly show you anything. They're very dark, you know, and, uh, my instructions to make the luxury website was one image, one word really hard to do that.

So we ended up with just a few words and a few images and it's really top, top notch. The person who did that is, it was the first time doing it. You think it was, it's better than the pros.

I have a marketing person who does stuff for Bentley, um, uh, she doesn't work. She's working with us. She does Bentley and, um, these big conventions for luxury companies that there's, what's that famous, uh, the champagne, um, not, not Dom Pérignon, another one, and she has all these luxuries, sunglasses, you know, like the 50,000, no, no, no, no, not that better than Chris.

So you're, you don't see it often here. You don't see it often. It's a long name.

I think it starts with a T. Um, anyway, uh, she's, uh, going to be most likely, uh, doing the marketing and it's amazing how heavily everyone's relying on AI and I don't care a lot of criticism because, you know, I came up with the, um, AI aftertaste, you know, uh, you know, when you look at something and it's obviously, uh, AI, I call it AI aftertaste and, uh, very much so, but here, as long as it doesn't cause reputational damage, right. In other words, by using overusing AI, is it going to make, is it going to downplay your product or cheapen your product or reputational damage right now? I don't think it will. Um, so, and I'm not even really, this is not what I, I just want to get the, the, the scale orator, the mark one, the water device out there.

I want other people to do it. I don't want to do it. I've got a whole bunch of other stuff.

I mean, it's my baby. Um, I've got to keep it, you know, alive, but, uh, like I said, I'm putting it out there. Anyone wants to, you know, market, do it, you know, whatever, come work with us.

No, no one works for me, but with me, I'll let me know. Um, but you got to have your ducks in a row and you got to be a high performance individual. If you're not a high performance individual, you're going to get kicked to the curb, like in 15 seconds.

Um, so yeah. Uh, anyway, all that aside, uh, again, I just want to repeat thanking the person, uh, you're welcome, uh, with the tank about the weather work. There's nothing better than to put out any information and get in and have other people do it.

You know, the information we put out is not crap, right? So when, and when people are actually doing weather work and healing stuff, you know, regarding the fitness of the body and food stuff and all that, um, that's what it's about. Otherwise just dead information. It's like if one, if there's only one person speaking a language in the world, that's a dead language.

You need at least two people to have the language lit alive, right? So that's my point there. Okay. Let's go.

Let's go on with the comments and questions or whatever. Absolutely. Let's begin with this one.

Uh, I thought the intelligence agency's topic is a fascinating one. Whitney Webb is a really good source. That's their opinion and wrote a fascinating book on the history called one nation under blackmail.

Definitely mentions the Jewish mafia families. Um, Whitney is what, what, what, the Jewish mafia, you mean? Yeah. Under black, you broke up there.

Sorry. Under blackmail definitely mentions the Jewish mafia families. Got it.

That's old. Well, the, they run the money system, not exclusively, but it's a myth that they run the money system. By the way, do you know how the Jews run the money system? Um, typically the money system, like from the Medici, the Indian before that, you know, that was centered around Rome or that part of the world, let's say Europe.

Uh, they were very elitist. If they didn't like you that it, you know, if you didn't, you had to be of a certain class to be in the money borrowing and lending business, actually borrowing and to deal with money. And there were most of the population didn't fit that way.

So the Jews were like, look at all this business that we're leaving behind. Let's go deal with the unwashed. The one that these guys don't want to deal with and just charge them like two, three times the interest.

Right. And if we make good choices, they'll pay it back and we'll be ahead of everyone. And that's how they got ahead.

They were like bottom feeders, you know, based on the culture at that time. Right. So what they did, like, uh, someone gave a good explanation about this a while back, but I heard, and I already was privy to this, but they basically, if the people were very fastidious and diligent, even though the interest was very high, if they get under the, you know, pay it back as fast as possible, less interest, you got yourself elevated.

Right. You know, like if you had a real good business thing and you just had to get that influx of money, uh, pay the high interest rate, you'll be better off, you know, when you're done. Right.

So they really helped a lot of people that never would have been, uh, never would have gotten any kind of alone. And they took over, they took over just like, um, uh, cheap goods, many, you know, cheap goods are always going to, uh, be, you know, overall make more quote unquote, uh, market share than, than expensive goods. Right.

Because of the populace. So there were the cheap money lenders, but ironically they were not cheap to deal with. They were very high interest.

Uh, but you know, you just want to get, get it over with this fast as possible. So, but that's basically, so whatever mob you are, you're going to, you know, unless you're dealing with that stuff. But the FBI is a, is a Jewish mafia creation.

You know, before that it was Pinkerton, I think it was a Pinkerton or something else like that. Pinkerton was, uh, Pinkerton was, was guards that eventually became the secret service. The FBI was the Bureau of Investigation, but there are various tendrils that go into it.

And then J Edgar Hoover kind of pulled it together, which is a really interesting too. And that involves the Pinkertons again. And, uh, the people that wound up being security also, it's another, another branch and I'm trying to think of who they were.

It's a little longer name, but, uh, the people that used to guard the trains, right. They, they started guarding the trains because of the train robberies. It was those like Wells Fargo, like Wells Fargo was involved.

Yeah. The coach. Yeah.

And those are all connected to names of particular individuals. Like, you know, particularly like, uh, the, well, well, the one guy came, he had the money system kind of on lock in England, sent his son over here, you know, Morgan, JP Morgan, his father was running things pretty well in England. And then he was disappointed with JP Morgan when he came over here, uh, until he did kind of a hostile takeover of things.

But there's a whole history that goes into these things that later survive as, you know, quote unquote, government agencies, even American express. Well, they brought up the, uh, sorry. No, go ahead.

They have a Bolshevik leaning, which is not the FBI. So that's the Jewish backing, right? The Jews always back the Bolshe, you know, the anti-culture, right. To break down tradition and all that.

So anyway. Yeah. Well, they changed things in that way.

And that's why I was bringing it up because also, you know, a lot of these other, uh, like the intelligence agencies, American express, right. You think of it as a credit card company, whatever today, but initially it was created as a way to launder money for the intelligence agencies anyway. And now it survives as this other thing, but it was really just a particular company to shell the payments for black ops.

And before the, like HSBC for the CIA. Yeah, exactly. They, they create a financial institution for one purpose and then it becomes something else, but never loses its original purpose.

Right. Um, well, there's still, yeah, it's, it's pretty funny how all that works because no one reads anyway, they rely on people like us are actually even less reliable than us. Let's say, cause anything you say, even if we're reading it from a book, you have to go verify it.

Right. Um, on all these things, but no one reads thankfully. So all these guys are actually protected by what they do.

So anyway, there you go. Okay. So this, this is kind of a funny one.

A funny thing happened to me as I was listening to a recent rated Y sonic event, uh, I was hearing the discussion about eggs from a chicken. And I recalled another sonic, uh, from a previous set that also had Ocelli and you speaking about cross species breeding in the context of the death penalty and Ocelli queuing up the portion of that audio, asking why it was required to move a man and the animal to death, uh, in previous systems. And I was curious about crossbreeding because I was thinking about the egg, which contains all these things.

Uh, is it possible in all animals are only specific ones. And I'm not asking as a hobby or a request to participate. I'm just asking because I imagine as most things go, even if forbidden on this planet, there is probably a place where it is reveled in.

Uh, so, and I have a follow-up to that, which is short, but your thoughts on that. I don't know about why, but here's the thing, like the old Testament laws, why occasionally there's a discernment piece in there tells you why. But you want it is, you know, these things, most of the, you know, man with a man, woman with a woman, why are they put to death? I don't know.

It doesn't state, it just says it's an abomination and you just leave it at that, right? That's, that's where the, that's for the religious police to deal with and you never want to, right. But here's the thing. Let me just interject something about biblical law.

People look at it as being very, whatever, uh, stringent and strict draconian, let's say, but it's very difficult. There's a lot of wiggle room. It's very, very difficult to indict and execute sentence someone.

You have to have two witnesses, right? And, and even if you do have two witnesses, they have to have like no outstanding warrants or tickets or debts. So go figure. So you can have a hundred witnesses, but if they all have outstanding debts, they're no good.

So you could, you could, you could skate. So imagine you're seen murdering someone like, you know, you like road rage type thing, but you know, carriage rage, I guess. Right.

And you, you, you kill the guy and the, and the entire, you know, let's say town square sees it, right. And talked about it for a few days and come time for court, they all have, uh, outstanding, um, uh, obligations. So guess what? They don't qualify.

So you, you, you, you skate, you walk. That's right. You get it.

Yeah, I get it. It was very difficult. It was very difficult to, to indict sentence and execute someone properly.

Right. Because very few people were, were, had total clean records, let's say, or clean, you know, nothing outstanding. Right.

So the echo in us law in general is that, you know, they say that you have to have probable cause to swear out a warrant. And that probable cause could include the testimony of someone. But a lot of those things used to say the testimony of someone in good standing, that was a phrase that used to be there.

And that's what I'm saying. Yeah. And it's up to you.

See, they'll like all the, there's no one in jail legally or lawfully right now. I, I know that for sure. Why? Because there has to be a warrant and it has to be with the supplied or a company with a sworn affidavit.

And no one's going to swear to it. They'll affirm, they'll say, you know, whatever, best of my knowledge, but it's not sworn under the penalty of perjury without, you know, under the laws of the United States of America. You'll never get that.

Never. No one will ever put their nuts on the table like that or vagina on the table. If you want to say it like that, no one.

So that puts no one in jail right now is there lawfully for sure. They're there kind of legally because they volunteered, but that's another discussion. Okay.

The thing about the crossbreeding, first of all, most of the time, if not all of the time, all of most of the time, things that are a product of crossbreeding are sterile animals, especially right. So, um, and some plants, uh, but, uh, typically I don't know much about the subject. Um, I like, I like to speak on things that I can, I can have direct experimentation experience from experimentation, um, and, and good observation without the, your senses being, you know, in other words, objectifying the senses as much as possible and using what's called real science.

Right. You know, what, what do you see? Right. You know, like if it's raining yellow and they're telling you it's just rain that, you know, rain is not yellow.

Right. So it can be acid rain near a sulfur mill, but you're not, if you're not near the sulfur mill, you know what I mean? So, well, there's probably a few things that can, yeah, probably a few things that can get into that reaction up there in the clouds, which creates the water. Cause as we discussed, it's not like a cloud is a big bucket of water filled or a pillow filled with water.

So the thing is a bunch of things could probably get in there and cause a yellow appearance to the water. Uh, some of them probably more harmful than others, but it is also direct experimentation. So even if you don't know, so I'll bring it up like that.

Now, here's the thing I've never really talked about. I've experimented a lot on myself. Now I'm a lot of people from the sixties, seventies and eighties would say, I experimented a lot with, you know, stuff, right? Drugs and all that stuff.

Yes. Drugs or sex remedies. Yeah.

Remedies and things like that. Uh, I've experimented with, that's why when I tell like, for example, someone recently all the modern antibiotics, anything that's come out in the past 15 years will kill you. If you stay on it, I've tried them and I'm like, oh my gosh, this thing is total poison.

Talk about like, Ooh, I mean, horrible, horrible stuff, you know? Um, and people, you know, that's why when you read, uh, they, by the way, one way, the medical system and the financial system, legal system are intertwined. They're really the same thing. And that's how they, uh, that's where all their money is.

So they, they sacrifice. We talked about famous people, celebrities being sacrificed, but they actually sacrifice celebrities in mass, meaning many of them, how many times ready died of complications with diabetes, right? You've seen complications with AIDS. They never say died from diabetes or AIDS or whatever, or complications from this.

It's because there's no such thing as diabetes or AIDS. It's the treatment that causes that condition. Right? So complications.

Yeah. Complications is the dummy. You know, this guy's a total dummy.

He trusts us. And if he finds out what we're doing, it's going to be very complicated, but we, so he died in the meantime, everybody give him his sorrow and also having celebrities beaten up. The IRS does it all the time.

Every 10 years, they pick someone, you know, and they put them in the media. This guy owes us these taxes. So you better pay your taxes.

Look what they're doing to Willie Nelson, right? Um, all this stuff. So they put the medical stuff in front of people. I assure you, like, uh, some celebrity died of some, some, whatever I assure you, whatever medications and treatments regarding that particular disease would boom.

Like, let's say someone died of colon cancer. Suddenly within a year, colon cancer treatments skyrocket, right? Because it was brought to their attention, right? The public's attention. It's all business guys.

And it's all bullshit. Right. Okay.

Sorry. Go ahead. Oh, just to circle back crossbreeding and eggs and, uh, put to death and all that stuff.

I don't know how kind of a mix that is, but, um, yeah, remember eggs are really potent. If you speak to anyone that's Asian, especially Vietnam or parts of China, they're like, you're going to eat an egg or you ate an egg yesterday. Didn't you? It's like a big deal.

It's not like a two egg breakfast with hash browns and whatever, right here every morning for most people or some people, let's say it's a very big deal because when you eat an egg, you're eating, even if it's unfertile, you're eating the entire potential of an entire chicken. So when you eat chicken, you're just eating the muscle. Some people like gizzards and liver, but you're basically eating the muscle.

When you eat the egg, you're eating all the feathers, all the bones, all the feet, right? Yeah. That was, that was actually part of the rest. That was actually part of the rest of the follow-up here where they mentioned exactly that because, uh, the Greek said that it was hold on a second.

Okay. The Greek said that an egg contains all the things that basically make up a chicken. Sorry if I paraphrased poorly.

But when you think about that combined with whatever the element that is added to it, it seems as though these things could not come together because you have the whole of a chicken say, and then the addition of a human, it doesn't seem like it would even coalesce in a, in a way energetically. I don't know what they mean by that, but they did bring up that. That's why they were thinking of it.

If you have a whole chicken, I guess. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. It's the potential of the chicken. It's the potential.

If you do eat enough of chicken and chicken, by the way, you will come, your body will try to become a chicken and it can't. So you'll end up having maladies and, uh, problems with your organs. Um, you might, your legs will get really weak.

Your limbs will get really weak, right? Um, your skin will start to, uh, get really pale and dry because, uh, all that energy wants feathers and it wants, you know, what a chicken looks like. And that'll never happen with a human. So it'll force you into a structure that is unhealthy.

Let's say, right. In other words, your, your fitness level is going to, you're going to look like crap. Um, yeah.

So it's, it's also by induction, you know, when you, when you digest the chicken egg, the body will only take what it can induce, right. What it can transfer to energy. And there's things in that, that the body will not, uh, ergo the fecal matter.

So if you just ate chicken eggs for a week, within the third or fourth day, you'll be pooping chicken eggs and you, and whatever you're pooping is what the body cannot induce, right. Or use. And that's where the rest of it would be.

So, yeah, that's why vegetables and grains, anything that is, uh, energetic at its time of being ripeness or harvest still has an upward energy is most positive for the human body. Uh, okay. So, uh, also they asked because, uh, there was something in the news about the UN recently, and there was a lot of news about that.

Uh, regarding the UN, it got me to thinking about these multi-nation agreements and meetings. And I was curious if there is any form of governance currently in existence that is even remotely similar to lawful in its form. Mm.

No, not at all. There are like East Congo, Somalia. Um, you could say North Korea and Persia, but no, they're, they're in the system.

Also, they have a bar association in North Korea. Can you believe it? So, I mean, they're done. They're finished.

No, the new world order is in place. It's just not, you know, that question is the same as if the money system collapses. Um, it collapsed already.

We're on credit. Everyone's using credit. Right, right.

Oh, yeah. Everything has been captured. But it's a, it's a, it's an imperial thing.

Um, if we were speaking about the known world during the 1500s, it was captured then also. Right. So you, right.

So if you're in Europe, it was the emperor and the pope that ran everything. And the kings were suzerain to them. And the emperor was suzerain to the pope.

And then you had all the colonies everywhere else. Guess what the colonies were suzerain to? What would they were under? The countries that were under the pope. Right.

Right. If you look at all the colonies all over the world, whether it was Pacific, North, South America, whatever, they're colonies. They're under the parent country.

So the whole world was under that system anyway. So which is how you can make sense out of the the old story that I read about the pope drawing a line on a world map, literally dividing it between Portugal and Spain to rule because they were the two most prominent military powers at the time. But truthfully, it's the pope making the decision as to who gets what, you know.

So what does that tell you? Yeah. At that time, that's who was running. Yeah.

The Japanese empire back then was made aware of that. And they had to choose sides, whether to fight one or join the other or whatever. Right.

So there does seem to be an out of step nature to the Asian cultures where they're not ever quite, you know, like they are truly separate from the rest of the system. Most of the time, it seems like. But then again, they don't have the banking systems now.

Yeah, right. That's where I was going. World War.

Yeah. World War One and World War Two fixed that. Had nothing to do with wars.

There's no there's not been a legitimate war in like, I don't know, a few hundred years, if not a few thousand years. Right. So those are just political stuff.

Before we completely change subject matter, in my mind, the last question is about, you know, has the Greek read about this recent military gathering of generals in America, supposedly calling upon 800 senior military people to meet in an urgent fashion with our newly crowned secretary of war? And does he have any thoughts about this as far as what is what is this word? No. OK, sorry. No, there isn't.

I don't have thoughts because I know senior military people or new. I am not in the kind of milieu like that. I do actually know people in the military high up.

But back in the day, I've sat down not once but twice with the commander, Army commander of the field of Vietnam War. Hello, Rip Westmoreland, saying that General George Westmoreland. Yes, I mean, he's yeah.

So his son looks just like he's an attorney in New York. Oh, great. Good attorney.

Yeah. You know how many attorneys I know? And that's why I speak on them the way I do. Did I ever tell you guys about cops? Let me just interject the story here.

Sure. A long time ago, Irish someone I so I dated this chick back in high school and she grew up with a milieu of a group of Irish police. They just loved them wherever we even because even we weren't together when they saw me, they gave me a hug.

Irish cops, right? I knew them. So anyway, one of them retired, the uncle, and they invited me to the dinner. Right.

And it was at the house. They catered it all that. So and they get a watch, just like the movies.

You know, they get a watch, buy him a watch engraved for service. And he said, hey, Greek, why don't you get married? Have a son or child and we'll bring him to the force. You know, we'll help.

You know, if he wants to join the force, you know, we're here for you. And I said, this is members like 50 cops around me. And I'm like, if I had a son and he came home one day and said that I want to be a cop, I would cut my nuts off and donate them to science so they could tell you what went wrong.

Right. This is a house full of and they all looked at me and laughed. Oh, that's so funny.

Mm hmm. I was like, I was just supposed to, like, kick my ass and kick me out for saying that. Right.

Right. But anyway, I don't have that effect on people. I thought that was the end of me.

Right. I was being kind of suicidal, but they just thought it was funny. Fair enough.

You're not supposed to be funny. No, no, no. Anyway.

OK, so I just learned, by the way, if you want, while I read. Anyway, that applies. That applies to the generals, by the way, too.

They're just are you joking? My answer to the general things at South Park would handle that a lot better than I would. But probably, probably. It's just I did read that news story, too.

And it is making the rounds pretty big because it's sort of unusual that they call generals from all around the world to meet face to face with our secretary of defense. But you don't know if you think that's serious or whatever. You don't know.

That means that you don't know generals. Well, look, I don't know a lot of them. I've only known a couple.

Yeah. Yeah, not you. But I mean, generally what you're taught, they're the opposite of what you think.

Oh, yeah. Just think the opposite of what a general should be and what he shouldn't be as on the right is they're everything what what they shouldn't be. All of them.

Right. No, fair enough. Doesn't matter.

Yeah. It's just that these meetings are generally not conducted face to face. So that's what the big deal is about in the news.

Anyway. No pun intended. Yeah, they do not.

They're not there for anything. But just imagine the most stupid shit someone in that position would do. And that's what they do.

There you go. So this is a little longer. And what I was going to tell you is, if you want to, you can go ahead and open up your settings and click on the extra noise suppression beta thing there, because I think it'll help.

For me? Yeah, for you. And while I read this, maybe it'll actually change the sound of me reading. If you know, go ahead.

The book, The Greek Couldn't Recall in Etheric Formative Forces in Cosmos, Earth and Man, written by Gunther Waxmuth, which is spelled W-A-C-H-S-M-U-T-H. And Rudolf Steiner's secretary. Right.

He's about to say that. Assistant and close collaborator. He describes Rudolf Steiner as.

Anyway, he found it at archive.org, provides an address. I'm sure you have a copy, though, Greek. But if you want the address, we'll give it to you.

Is this work, Waxmuth outlines the four ethers Steiner described as actually at work in nature today. Warmer ether, lighter ether, tone of sound, chemical in parentheses, ether, life and life ether. Yeah, yeah, I like that, but we don't know for sure.

Do they all react differently with experimentation and experience? That's to be discovered still. I think that's a really good prognostication kind of thing, like to think of it that way. Right.

There's a little more to it. Approach. Yeah, there's a little more to it.

Together, these form the nonphysical energy matrix that underlines underlies, excuse me, all life on Earth. Steiner also spoke of a fifth ether now beginning to emerge. Moral ether, a future oriented ether formed through human moral development and ethical striving.

It reflects the spiritual transformation of the etheric body. While Steiner did not list seven ethers, many anthroposophical thinkers interpret this cosmology to imply that seven ethers will ultimately unfold in line with humanity's spiritual evolution. Now, I'm going to add a comment here real quick and then turn it over to you, because what's funny is I kind of saw this in the crappy Ghostbusters 2 movie, which I did not like.

But there was a sludge, kind of a supernatural slime starting to form under New York City, and it was all being formed by the negative energy being exerted by the people above. And it's just the first reference that came to my mind in media of something like this, where your energetic actions begin to take a somewhat physical form, but it's a metaphysical form also, and become representative in this very real and elemental way. So it's not a good representation, but it's a loose way to look at it.

I'm curious about that. So yeah, no, I don't see it that way right now. Humanity is like you ever walk into the bathroom where someone forgot to flush and you look at it, you're like, oh, no.

And no matter what, you just push the handle on the chrome handle on the porcelain ball. Sure. Right.

If you think that material is workable, go for it. We're in the credits for a while. I've been talking about we're in the credits since 1998.

You're pre-destruction phase right now. It's the hammer has been cocked, and it's ready. The trigger has been pulled.

It's just that 0.3 seconds before it strikes. No, there's I don't see any kind of whatever, whatever I see in this, like of anything positive coming out of the human collective, even on the micro groups that they're supposedly errands or evolved or whatever. No, I don't see anything happening at all.

I'd say there's less than 100 people, if not maybe 1000 people within reach, possibly, if you spent the rest of your life trying to find them available. It's so piss poor. I'm giving what I to the best of my knowledge, the most accurate thing of what's going on.

Just finish up whatever you're doing. Right. And do the best at it.

Finishing it up and helping whatever you can. You notice that and say, however, whatever you can, because all of it's going to be changed and transformed. It's the end.

If any kind of transformation or positive growth was going to come out, it ain't here. No, you're in the you can have a beautiful bathroom or a crappy bathroom in Penn Station, let's say. Actually, I heard they just redid Penn Station.

The bathrooms are very pleasant now. But what I'm saying, yeah, it was like a $3 billion project. So it doesn't matter if that fancy there's right there at Bryant Park by the library, that bathroom cost a quarter of a million dollars a year to maintain.

They even put flowers in there. You've been in there. I don't know what I'm talking about.

I don't think I've been in the park right by the library. Oh, my gosh. Yeah.

Marble anything. Anyway. So whether it's a crappy bathroom or a fancy bathroom, the floaters in the tank have to anyone that sees it right away, pull the handle.

That's where you're at with humanity. All right. Now, the only exceptions are the ones that will like brochures talks about make their escape.

But not out of the bowl. Nobody wants the church to fall out. Right.

Because then you got to call the janitor. It's more work. What I mean is keep yourself as clean as possible and enjoy the ride in the meantime.

But no, this I see nothing altruistic like Steiner. First of all, my comments on Steiner. He's way too airy fairy for me.

His audio like I got to turn him off after 15 minutes. This has got to go. This is not real.

I mean, this is too airy fairy for me. And it's not real. But the core at the core, if you were to do a bullet point on what he talks about, yeah, it's pretty good.

It's very accurate in many ways, especially when you're talking about agriculture. But he's got the spirit stuff wrong, completely wrong. In my in my opinion, because who who has the spiritual stuff completely right.

Right. So for my estimation, like an example would be this is what happens when you die. OK, these are the possibilities, like it or not, believe it or not or whatever.

And I'll stand behind this anytime. When some people die, they go somewhere that looks like heaven. They call heaven, whether it is or not.

Some people go to where you might consider to be a hell. Right. Other people are brought back here like what's called reincarnation.

Others are just rubbed out like a Dixie cup at the office cooler. Crumble it, throw it away. That's it.

They're done. Never. Nothing.

No, nothing. They're just erased. Right.

No one's talking like that. I did a lot of long talks about that, about how actually a great majority of the people that you see are just going to be just intermittent. So you want to spend time with the NPCs when they're when they're done here, they're done.

They're never to be seen or heard from again on a spiritual realm or cosmic realm or anything. And a lot of the airy fairy people that I knew in the 80s that put me on to a lot of the stuff that I talk about, because if you saw transcripts or heard me talk in the 1980s and what I'm saying now, you'd be like saying the same stuff pretty much. Right.

Can't be because we've been influenced by events and constant study. Right. But the notion that most people will cease to exist when they exist on this plane, just look at them.

Just look at them right now. There is no humanity, as people say. No, it's it's an expression.

Everybody is an expression of a same species, let's say the human species. But within how that's expressed, as I just laid out for you, I'll say it again. Some go to a heaven, some go to a hell.

And I didn't say heaven or hell, something that's like that, whether it's real or not. You know, remember, you can spend a thousand years somewhere in one minute, our time. Right.

When you break that consciousness thing. OK, so some go to heaven, some go to something called a hell. Most are going to believe, I believe, or let's say some will be rubbed out.

Let's put quotes around 90 percent will be rubbed out, never existing again. And then some are brought back. And that's those are basically when I talk about I used to speak for hours on this, on how it would work that way and why it works that way.

Because the cosmic sense, the spiritual sense is quite rational and logical. Right. So, for example, give me an example, like bad people would go to a bad place if they were to exist in a place after here.

Right. So but most people say someone like Mother Teresa would go to heaven. Right.

No, she thinks she was a good person. What makes you think she was good? She made like certain bishops, like mega wealthy by child trafficking or Gandhi. Right.

Right. Are you you're aware Mother Teresa was a total scumbag, right? Yeah, I've been through this with you before and believe me, I did other research. But the thing is, I'm just agreeing with you.

Like when you said, oh, people would say that. Yeah, they would say it. It doesn't mean it's true.

But what I'm trying to say, but what I'm trying to say when I say some people would go to heaven, it's not who you think. Right. And some people would go to hell.

It's not who you think, because you've been so led down and deceived. Right. About all these and the popular.

Because you usually think of someone popular. Right. But start thinking about the people that you've met in your life.

Will your grandma go to heaven or hell? Will she be rubbed out, never to exist again? Or is she coming back? Right. I'm just saying that don't think of Willie Nelson or Mother Teresa or Gandhi. No.

Think about the people you've actually experienced when you think about these things. Don't don't put together this altruistic thing like, oh, this person was really good. So they're no, no, no.

Always deal with the people that you've met. You know what I mean? Because that's direct. And because talk about your senses being deceived.

Right. Anything in the media is a lie. It has to be.

Otherwise, no one would listen to it. So when you start looking at the people that you've experienced, you get a sense of things and just put it together that way. But again, to go back to the spiritual thing.

No, there's nothing. No, it's it's all going to be redone. And you're going to start right back at the beginning.

That's where I agree with archaics right back to an Adam and Eve primitive. And you're always going to have those that are outside coming back in. Right.

You know, like the Freemasonic compass and square. That's the builder race. Right.

That's to commemorate, venerate that. You know, once everything is destroyed, there's an injection of people that know how to rebuild things. Right.

There's a few movies that were like that. The Truman Show was even like that. Right.

So the behind the scenes on the Truman Show were very technically advanced compared to the people in the town that he lived with. Right. So how long this goes on and the structure of it, I don't know.

But and you also have to find out what what your fascination is. Give me an example. What I've been interviewing people like product developer for Pfizer.

Right. What doesn't matter. Your product developer, your product developer doesn't matter what product is.

Right. Just to see if I could bring some people on board. And you know what? The first thing I these are corporate types.

Do you know what? The first thing I went into this last time because I told you what the best resume for me would look like. Right. But these corporate types, you know what? The first question I asked them is to go figure.

You can imagine what a corporate what kind of interview questions they're used to. Right. Once we do the meet and greet, you know what? I asked him.

First thing I asked him, these corporate people, what's up? What's your super? What are your superpowers or your superpower? What's your superpower? They're like, huh? What? What? Everybody's got a superpower. Everyone's an X man. Everyone is a superhero.

Saturday morning, whatever. You just it's all latent. Right.

Why do you think everyone relates to those? There was a TV show called Heroes. I don't remember that about 20 years ago. Isn't that amazing? 20 years ago.

I love that because it was just yeah, it was just people out of like little sleepy towns. Right. Whatever nonchalant.

Right. And they were tapping in X-Men was another. There's a bunch of them.

Right. What are your super? What are your superpowers? That's what that's what I you know. So when you know your superpowers, right, you apply them.

Right. And if you don't have any superpowers, well, you know, anyway, by the way, the best resume, the person I'm looking for has dropped out at the eighth grade. I've been on the FBI most wanted list between 2015 and 2020.

And I have my own art studio right now, and I'm trying to make the rent. That's the perfect resume. If you know anyone like that, I'll take it.

But but anyway, that was a kind of a long, indirect answer to the Rudolf Steiner stuff and the ether stuff. But I'll tell you what we started off by thanking someone who thanked about doing the weather work. I don't know how they picked it up, whether it sounds I'm presuming it's more from the the when you posted it.

Right. I think you and. Yeah, I think.

Yeah, I think they may have started it and then they continued it. And I was curious if you wanted me to post more because I only posted the couple that you told me to. And I have a few more.

I have a few more audio. So, you know, good. No, do it.

I'm sorry. Yeah, make it complete. Because if people are actually if one person can use it and have effects with it, make give them the whole thing.

It was by the way, it was just an I think people that have been listening for a while have showed up. They know when we announce a webinar, it's not a seminar. It's a webinar because webinars, seminars in person.

But quite a few people showed up and quite a few people have done. I don't know really how much they should say exactly. But when someone responds back with results, I mean, that's a big deal.

That's a big deal. For example, with the weather here, we have monsoons in Tucson Southwest. So it's very dry in the desert.

But it rains every afternoon, pretty much for all of July and August. Right. We didn't have anything like that this year.

So I waited for a monsoon season to officially end about a week and a half ago. And guess what I did after the monsoon season? I brought the monsoons. It's been raining every day or every other day for a week and a half.

And they're like, we have more rain in the past week and a half than we have in the past six months. Yeah. And that's when you do it, because if you do it during monsoons.

It's all second guessing. But when they say monsoon season is over, here comes the dry weather. And then you start making rain on call.

Today, we had a 5% chance of rain. Today, we had not one, but two thunderstorms that lasted 15, 20 minutes. You know, with 5% chance of rain, the streets running like a river.

I love it. Yeah, right. Actually, there was two people that thanked you regarding weather.

And somebody else thanked you for a different device. But I got to find it, because now I've lost track of where the screenshot was. And I can't seem to find it.

But two people did thank you. Well, it couldn't have been a battery. Yeah.

No, it wasn't. We could have ruled out it's not battery-operated. If it's battery-operated, it's got to be the silver, aqueous argentum.

No, I think it might be literally a scalerator and weatherwork together. Oh, that's fantastic. So, and they were thanking you for it.

Actually, Troy, do you want to take that one? Yeah. Anyway, go ahead. No, I was just saying.

You're welcome. Thank you. Yeah.

I just wanted to let you know that that is there. And I'll find it for next time to make sure I read exactly what you said. And we'll leave it at that and just ask you one final question, I guess, which is... Let me see where this is.

I know I had it. This is just one of those times where I'm just not... Things just clicked off on me. It's okay.

You know what? I know that one of the last questions was, again, about society and the way it's going. And they talked about some of the things that you mentioned real quick there about who it is I should choose to waste my time with. There you go.

You already kind of gave that advice. And they said, but at the same time, isn't there something to... Because they asked in that ether question there, isn't there something to building this positive ether that seems to be described there? Is that going to be worth anything? Because I'm paraphrasing now, guys. Sorry.

No. No, there's no positive ether. But that's okay.

Continue. Because it seems to me like everything we do is going to be mopped up anyway. If everything is going to be sort of swept away, then it causes them to ask the nihilistic question, does any of it actually matter? No, of course not.

This is a waste of time. It's not a school. It's whatever.

If you think it's a prison, when you leave here, you're just in the prison yard, right? So it depends on how you see it. But the ether is the potential and everything else, the matter, the heat, the chemical tone, ether, the life ether is the expression of that potential. It's how much of that potential is expressed, right? Manifested is what it is.

There is no positive or negative about it. I don't believe in the good and bad and the positive and negative. That's why I'm so much into picking a law form and sticking with it.

Because, you know, the bank robbers that are getting away with the cash are the good guys and the cops are the bad guys for busting them and shooting at them. Right. But to the cops, the bank robbers are the bad guys.

And they're the good guys, right? You see? So who's really good or bad? Because the bad guys are more like Robin Hood, right? All the money that, you know, I have talked about anyone who has a checking account or a debit card is paying 100% banking fees. You do understand that, right? Suckers, right? So why don't you negotiate with the bank that when you write a check for $100, they just debit you $10, not the full 100, because the money is created a transaction, not on anyway, right? So who's going to complain? By the way, you remember how bank robberies used to be in the news all often, at least, you know, back in the day? Now, never, never, right? Occasionally. Because I think people are wise.

Occasionally, what's happening? Is there any? And not lately. Wow, weird. Yeah, sorry about that.

I don't know why, but there's a little disruption between us. We'll figure it out in a sec. But the bank robberies were a little more common, say, up until, I would say maybe 15 years ago, they sort of stopped dead.

I haven't heard about any of them since then. No, not at all. I mean, I think if people knew what was going on, there's no reason to rob a bank.

They're the ones that are robbing everyone with 100% fees. But 100% fees, meaning, you know, just look up what 100% bank fees mean. And that's what you're, yeah.

So the way to fix that, by the way, just as an example, is just write a letter to the bank and stop using the bank checks. Use a money order. Use cash, right? And just you could put the banks out of business in three days.

You mean you, meaning like a small percentage of the population, like 10% would do that. So yeah. So anyway.

Yeah, just to clarify on that question. Sorry, just to clarify on that question that I started before. And yeah, we got to figure out something's disrupted between us again.

Moral ether. Yeah, moral ether is the phrase that was used in that book. And it says that it's emerging.

Yeah, I don't get that. Well, just let me give you a definition real quick. And this is why I think they were asking the question.

A future-oriented ether formed through human moral development and ethical striving. It reflects the spiritual transformation of the etheric body. So that's why I think they were asking about building positive because that sounds positive.

No, no. Positive for who? It, yeah, it, this, that's the kind of stuff like Jack Fresco was asked. You know, when you get your Venus project going and what if you have someone that's hoarding and not complying, how are you going to treat with them? We're just going to shame them.

We're going to put their name, right? So if you don't go along with that moral ether, how are they going to enforce that? We'll just shame them, put their name in the paper that they're not moral or whatever. Get out of here. There's no, there's no thing like that.

There's a vitality that drives everything. And that vitality does not exist until it's manifested or expressed. So there's a very, very big difference.

It's kind of like water. You know, you go there with a pail. How much water are you going to take out of the source? Whether it's a spring, a well, or a river, right? The ether is always going to be moving.

It's what is manifested, right? And you need that mechanical side. That Wilhelm Reich was a much better, his writings on the ether or the organ were way better than Steiner, if you're going to go off into the altruism or whatever. But anyway, yeah, this is a complex subject.

And it's, I can go on for a long time, give lots of examples from the point of view that I've, I can, I can express, but, but yeah, I mean, it can, as you could see, it could go on with no real term in it. So fair enough. So what you're telling me, though, is that ultimately, though, Fresco's solution was the equivalent of putting a kid in a dunce cap, which, you know, we used to see in cartoons.

And, you know, at the end of the day, what did that actually accomplish? OK, you shamed them. Everybody points their finger. Oh, you're dummy, you're dunce.

And that's how, you know, they used to handle children in cartoons. I've never seen the dunce cap thing done in life. But then that person goes into the military and the military finds out history.

They did that to him.