The Sonic Event 191, here we are, Greek, how are you today? I'm tired, I'm going to go to sleep soon as we finish this. Yeah, it's just very windy, doing auto mechanic stuff today and all kinds of stuff. Been up since four in the morning.

You just replaced your transmission or just had your transmission replaced? Yeah, but I'm doing something else. I haven't done anything on it in really a decade other than basic coil changes and I was like, oh my gosh. Hey look, if you don't have to do a lot of work, that's great, outside of general maintenance, right? I mean, that's the whole point.

No, I did, I do a lot of stuff, mounts, all kinds of stuff. I usually prefer to bring it to someone, but mechanics suck. Even like really good mechanics, they're not very good.

I hate to say it. Well, you know what it is. It's like going out and eating in a restaurant, you know? There aren't any good restaurants anymore.

They do have those computers nowadays, though, that for the past like 10, 15 years, they've had something they can just plug the computer and the computer tells them what's wrong, right? Isn't that like the general? Well, that's the OBD system. We've kind of brought that up. OBD is onboard diagnostics.

Yeah. Yeah, sort of. That doesn't tell you much, just a bunch of sensors.

I'm talking about the workmanship, really. Oh, okay. Workmanship is poor.

Absolutely. Well, isn't it poor on everything? So look, I've got a bunch of oddball questions this time, and I'm grouping them together, and I got one stupid one to open up with you just real fast, just philosophically. I'm curious about this myself, and probably you don't do this, but you ever have one of those like days where you do a couple of really just dumb things and you can't figure out why? You know, the day where you press the coffee maker and you're sitting there going, why isn't my coffee brewing? And then you realize it's not plugged in.

You know, like that kind of stuff you do a few times in the course of a day, and you're just like, man, I'm off this day. Do you do that ever, or are you immune to that? I'm immune to that. Okay.

I got a lot of radar around me. I got you. You know the Terminator? When you see it from his point of view and he's got these... Oh, he's got the analytical, here's the responses, here's all of the vectors.

Yeah, that's how I function, yeah. Oh, that's cool. Yeah, that's cool.

Well, I don't, obviously, but I was just curious, because I notice that those things sometimes come in batches, and I was just thinking about it, and it doesn't matter what my physical being is. Anyways, so like I said, there's weird questions here, and this one, they actually make a reference to a biblical passage, and Ezekiel 34 and 35, excuse me, and no one talks about this. Can the Greeks talk about it? Okay, it was the prince of Israel, okay? Will he be ruling in the next society? Is this person someone who is coming in the future that is referred to in Ezekiel 34 and 35? Okay, how about that? Yeah, it'll be coming from the future, but it's complex, because most likely things like that you read in what they call the Bible are like hyperlinks.

In other words, you have to look at the phrase as something that's a directive or a strong subject matter to be defined in other places, typically. That's just the style that it's written in. And like most hyperlinks, it's got some of the information that's relevant in the hyperlink, but you have to actually go to the page to get the whole thing.

Yeah, you have to know it all, and you can't just read. That's why in religions they just have you read one verse, you know, because it's understood that you cannot read it piece by piece. You have to read the entire thing, really, even though it was written over a big time span.

That's why people don't understand it. When you read it all, let's say you were to read all of it in one shot, the entire Bible, right? You would understand it way better than if you spent 20 years reading it the way people read it. It gave me two different versions of it, reading this thing they call the Bible, reading it cover to cover over the course of about a year.

I just read it like that. It took me a little time, you know, eyesight and everything. And then other times I read it in pieces and this and that and finished it, but didn't actually dedicate myself to reading it every day.

And it gave me two different perspectives on it, for sure, even though it was only a few years apart. Try to read each book in a day. So read Genesis in a day, the next day read, right? So in a month you'll have it done, or a month and a week or whatever.

Yeah, I did that temporarily and then kind of got off track and then had to go back to it. That was that other time, outside of when I did it. But if you actually read it, see, everybody says they read it.

No one wants to say they didn't read it. They're like, oh, yeah, I read it, too. And everybody says, oh, good, you read it, too.

Nobody read it. Nobody's really read the Bible. I hate to say it.

Nobody. No, I read that book. Even people who say, not nobody, there's very few exceptions people actually read it.

Yeah. And can retain it and comprehend it is completely off. Well, retaining it and comprehending it is another.

There's got to be fewer than 1,000 people on the planet who have actually read it and try to comprehend it. I mean, it's one of those popular, how would you call it? You have things like that in culture where everyone just passes things off as a given. Like all the people.

I've only met two people in my whole life that actually read the Bible. Well, I've read a lot of people that say they read it 50 times and all that. So I come up with stuff like, oh, like, how can you put that together? Well, I've I've read it, but I've read that version of it that, you know, obviously I've read a version of it.

And I read the common English version of it or whatever they called it. I can't remember what they even call it now. But, you know, where they put it in more plain American English.

I read that version of it. I read the King James with the, you know, the those of the these and the thousand, all that. I read both of those things, but it doesn't mean that I actually retained at all.

Maybe it was a mistake to write the Bible, because like I say, if you write a book, you're presuming that the readership has comprehension. That is the problem always. And I was thinking that when I watched the Capitol Hill hearings today on the JFK case, it was kind of funny.

But anyway, maybe I'll talk to you about that another day. That's fine. Here's the thing.

Yeah. These presidents, they're either read in or they're not and they don't care. It's a really shitty.

You got to feel sorry for them, whether they've been assassinated or not. Right. But they're real shitty people because for either either way, it's like what I'm trying to say is, have you stopped beating your wife yet? It's that kind of thing.

Whether no matter how you answer that question, you're admitting to beating your wife. Right. The basic history.

They're presuming that no one knows the history, which is pretty good presumption that it's a corporation. It doesn't serve as a government as as it was created. It's a business.

And what they do is for their shareholders. So to be a president of such an organization, I mean, that's you got to be like a real scumbag, you know. Now, here's the other part that's even more damning.

If you don't know any of that, you believe the propaganda that the lady has been told. Well, you're even worse now because what are you going to leave? It's like the blind leading the blind. You know how they say, right.

Or the dumb leading the dumb. So either way, it's damning to be in any of those leadership positions, any country because of the state of affairs. Yes.

Just a very dirty, very, very dirty. I've kind of looked at it this way. Every once in a while, some fool gets in there and thinks he's actually going to be in charge and be able to do something.

You know, we don't know what's going on in the background. Right. No, we don't know.

But they're all it's all very bad. It's it's been very bad for over 150 years because it's not it doesn't have it's not very bad in the overall cosmic sense because it's just a corporation. There's plenty of bits.

I don't know. Someone was going to put together where they say the US government's a corporation. They had generals, people.

Yeah, it's just a corporation. It's just a corporation. You know, it's just a God is G.D. piece of paper.

You know all that stuff. Right. So I think that it's they're they're all bad either way, no matter.

You can give whether they know what's going on. They're bad if they don't know what's going on. They're bad. 

Right. Because they should know. Right.

So it's just really bad overall. And it's it's also the the populace's fault. No, I understand. 

Look, you know, it's not like you're going to have good and bad people working at the crack slash whorehouse. You know, it's they work at the crack slash core, you know, the whorehouse. So that's it. 

I mean, it's not it doesn't serve. It doesn't serve what it was intended. It doesn't work wherever.

Here's an example. Wherever you have influence of the corporate government versus low influence of it, like in places in rural places, you know, you don't have much influence. You'll notice the culture and the society go down very quickly.

You wherever you have corporate government, like all the cities or whatever, crime goes up. Poverty goes up. Drug use goes up. 

Corruption goes up. I'm not saying that minimal corporate influence has none of that. It also has it, but not as much.

So you look at all your big corporate cities, L.A., Philadelphia, New York, whatever, Jersey City. Keep going. Right. 

Right. Or even the shore, Jersey Shore. Right. 

Those, you know, they became popular recreation, the government regulation and went down to shit. Yeah, that's exactly because not because of the government. That's what people are saying. 

It's because it's a corporation and they have investors. And one of the definitions of investment is to gain from the efforts of others. Of course. 

Right. So it's it's pretty bad. But, you know, you I used to be naive thinking like I wanted to get out of New York because everyone around me sounded dumb.

And I went to other places. They didn't sound so dumb, but they were just as dumb. Then I was like, well, it's got to be Americans.

And then I met people from Iraq, people from Tibet, people from Russia, people from Japan. I said, oh, they're dumb, too. Oh, my gosh. 

It's planetary wide. This is a surface dwelling earth inhabitant issue. You know, along these very same lines, somebody asked a question, actually quotes a bunch of stuff that you just said, OK, in their longer message.

But to break it down, they're asking, you know, if there is a spiritual purpose or if there is a weaponized purpose in the spiritual realm to the fact that so often people like that in the government or in the culture or whatever capture a large portion of the imagination. In other words, a lot of people's thoughts and a lot of people's discussions are taken up with these people, their actions, their crap. And isn't that a form of manipulation in and of itself? If everybody is talking about this person, thinking about this person, you know, against them or for them, it's irrelevant.

OK, let's say it this way. Yeah, you could you could do an overarching in respect to any question. There's an overarching aspect that's not really brought up or emphasized.

Right. And what I want to emphasize is that we have an evasive species that is negative, invasive or evasive, evasive and invasive, but more evasive, evasive and invasive. No problem. 

OK, go ahead. Evasive meaning you can't see them, but they're negative. Right.

And they basically benefit and feed off of what we call negative behavior, negative thoughts, negative whatever. I'm not going to say loose or whatever. That's that's more extreme.

You know how that term became popular about 15, 10, 15 years ago. Right. But in other words, if you go to find swamp creatures, they tend to need like a high sulfur diet, decaying, decomposing things to thrive.

That's an analogy, right? OK, got it. So they need a decaying. You'll have things go really well in generally in many societies here for no more than a decade or so.

And then it goes into a long like century of decay because they need to breed decay and strife, but not enough to kill the victims, but enough for them to survive it and propagate it. Right. Well, most parasites, most parasites don't kill their host.

And quite frankly, look, mushrooms grow very well in the dark and the muck and clams. You know, a lot of people love the clams. Maybe that's your thing.

They go where they harvest clams. It really stinks, doesn't it? Actually, the best places to harvest clams in a lot of places are what? Near the sewage where they dump the sewage, to be honest with you. So what does that tell you? Well, yeah, so we're but at the same time, you know, we have a short it's good to have a short life to pass through here or whatever.

Yeah, yeah, absolutely. It's not a positive place, no matter how you cut it. Just like I mentioned recently through the years of people, what do they call them? Survivalist preppers or whatever, like, oh, I got to get out of the city.

I saved up one hundred thousand bucks. I got this place out in the middle of nowhere, off the grid, whatever. I talked to him two years later. 

I'm like, oh, man, it sucked. I was like, I told you, it was like five times more expensive living in the city. And then in nature, you'll find out that everything wants to kill you, right? Whether it's a bug, an animal, anything, everything wants to kill you.

And he's like, yeah, I was like, I can't go live in the city. Like the city is the pinnacle of human existence. Besides that, I mean, here, let me just take it further.

Unless a doomsday comes, a doomsday prepper is kind of useless. And by the way, who the hell wants to eat beans and rice for the next 15 years? Because that's what they always stop. Well, here, let me continue the logic train on this.

So if you really if you lived in a city and you didn't have a corporate government with investors, or really just, you know, they can't tell. See, the corporate government, again, this is a tangent. Can't tell people what's going on because they don't have to.

You could just look it up yourself. It's pretty crazy. I'm still reading like statutes at large and stuff.

And some of the laws are insane. You know, I mean, like in our favor, all the laws are in our favor. All right. 

Except for, for example, a U.S. citizen. The only rights they have is to live in Washington, D.C., basically. That's it. 

And they're a debtor. And they have everything they can do as a privilege. Right.

That's the all caps name. So it's like a credit card, you know. But so if all that was known, people would it would just dwindle and become nothing.

So they rely on deception, the corporate side. Right. So it's just like when you go to a Ford dealer, do they say, well, you know, Chrysler's got good cars, too.

They never say that. So they can't talk about anything that is not in accord with their fiduciary responsibility to their principles. Meaning the United States government and all the state governments are also part of the since the Civil War were planted and put in by the federal government.

They were all dissolved. Right. OK. 

This is easy to find in the statutes at large and places like that. So so when you're dealing with, say, state of Georgia, that is a political subdivision out of Washington, D.C. That's where its home is, not Georgia, because there's Georgia state, there's Florida state, Arizona state. But state of is the is the Washington, D.C. thing creature.

So but they don't have to disclose anything because it's already written pretty clearly. Right. But let's say everything was disclosed. 

Everything was hashed out with government, religion, all that stuff. You would have a city that would function optimally. The people's fitness or health would be very high.

They would determine collectively direct representation how they want to see the society go. They would also have a science that allow them to fully manipulate all material world around them. What that would lead to is what do you call it when you eliminate eradication of animals and insects? You don't need them anymore. 

You might have some pets, whatever, but you would eradicate all the wildlife plant, all the things that, you know, are unnecessary because you don't need animals and plants and bugs and stuff. You have full control of your environment. Right. 

That transmutation Star Trek type stuff. Right. Yeah. 

And then eventually you take over the the entire planet. You put a Dyson sphere around the whole planet. Right. 

Energetic one. Nothing can come and go. Yeah. 

That's that's the future, by the way. If you were to continue in an optimum way. Now, what I just mentioned, like if I talk about eradication of all the species, except for humans, people are like, oh, my gosh.

Yeah. Sounds pretty horrible, doesn't it? But that's what happens when you optimize the human culture. Sorry, I don't mean to. 

So how many creatures were in the world when people were more primitive, primitive? A lot more creatures as people became more, let's say, advanced, the number of creatures declined. Well, they talk about the logic train. Yeah. 

They talk about the extinction of thousands of creatures. You know, over the course of time, it's because, yeah, they get eliminated. And I guess, yeah, if you don't want to maintain the balance of the natural existence and you don't need to because you can simply replicate.

Yeah, you can do anything. For example, when I had the bike shop and the reps would come in to sell parts for me to sell to the customers retail. Right. 

And the guy, you know, let's say they have high end saddles. They're not called seats. They're called saddles on a bike. 

Right. OK. And he had a really high end stuff like, you know, you know, 100, 200 dollar bicycle saddles.

And I would always mess with them. You know, I got anything else. What do you mean? This is like the best stuff in the world. 

I said, no, I want some bicycle saddles that have leather and skin made from endangered species. You got any of those men? And they would look at me like I was just like I said, I wanted to go home and F his sister or something. Right. 

I was just joking. So what I'm trying to say, one guy got really in my face and said, I want saddles made from leather of endangered species. He wanted to kill me for saying because, you know, you know, the brainwashing of the right environmentalists.

So you want white you want white panther coated bald eagle feather stuffed. Yeah. Like if there's like one white tiger left, I want it dead and I want it skin on my bicycle.

Right. And and if there's enough left over, you'll make a holder for your water bottle. If it's the last one that that's even better. 

Now, that freaks people out when you talk that way. Now, do I really believe that? I'm not going to confirm or deny it. I'll let you decide, because I know I know that you're not going to hear anybody else saying that.

So, yeah. Screw the animals. I mean, don't screw the animals.

Let's be silly. No, I have no regard for them other than whatever. Because if you're going to if you're going to think about the big picture, like I just said, moving forward.

Right. That's what dictators did. They get branded really bad in history.

But they were to eliminate huge amounts of their population because they were like, we need to clean this place up. You ever you ever see people like a young couple move into a neighborhood where some old people lived? And like for weeks they have dumpsters outside throwing everything away, tearing stuff out. You're like, my gosh. 

It's like, well, this person had a lot of crap in here. You know, we had to gut the place. Right. 

So gut the damn place. And yeah, creatures and everything and just make a human society. But you can't do that if you don't have full control of your environment.

Right. You have to be able if you need gold, you go to a machine. Boom. 

You got gold. You need you know, right. You make everything is made.

You know, there's no mining. There's no farming. There's no right.

This is possible right now. This can you can look. I do the stuff that I'm talking about in my kitchen. 

Right. And I need to start maybe doing some videos or seminars, free seminar and say, hey, look, guys, there's a camera. Nothing fake over here. 

Look, this is carbon. I'm going to turn it into iron. You can do this at home, too. 

This is how you do it. Right. It's no fakery here. 

Look, I'll even do a topless. No shirt. Don't show whatever. 

I'll do it naked. Don't show them how to make. Yeah. 

Don't show them how to make gold, though, because somebody might come and try. So we will show how to make gold. I've gone over it many, many times.

It's biological gold that it has to be taken to another level. Quite a bit of confirmation with that. It's not difficult.

There's a logic train there. And you do use organic materials right now. But, oh, my gosh, you know, it's people don't want to hear.

They only want to hear the stuff that they're being conditioned to hear. Right. So, you know, you know, here's a question that kind of goes along with that.

But let me just say one more thing. You start talking about eliminating all the animals and insects and plants, all that stuff. You can't do that as you are right now. 

You it will not work. It'll be total havoc. Right.

It's kind of like saying, let's get rid of all the gasoline cars tomorrow. That won't work. You have to transition. 

Right. And then when they're almost all gone, then you're like, oh, my gosh, I'm glad we transitioned. Right.

So anyway. Well, yeah, if you're in the place and it's, you know, been gutted, been redone, everything is shiny and new. Yeah. 

Anyway, Greek has left hints on the power of intent to create our reality. Could you speak to whether it's about. See, they're asking for technique here. 

Do you write these things down? Hold on. You can't intend. You have to have technical.

You have to intend to get technical access and know how and where we're going to do it. Intention ain't going to do much. Right.

But you can sit around a day and, you know, people hope for a lot of stuff there. Their their their day is going to come. And before you know, you wake up, you're seventy five and nothing's happened.

And you're like, oh, shit, I should I should have done something more than just waiting around. Right. So, no, the intention is is doesn't intention is is a variable in a very big equation.

And if whenever you hear culturally, societally, whatever, people just focusing on one thing like positive thinking or and that's it, that'll get it done. No, it doesn't get it done. Positive thinking is part is to be thrown into a bag with twenty five other things.

So is intention. So is the emo. So is everything.

Nothing. Right. No monoculture of thought or spirituality.

It's all even in spirituality. You have to do works. You have to do things. 

You have to. Right. Right. 

And like you said, you got to first get the tools in hand. I mean, you know, here, build a bookshelf. Here's a Phillips head screwdriver.

Not going to be the only thing you need. First, the tools. They all have to come within a very close time within each other, because if you have one or two or three parts and the other ones are taking too long, you'll give up.

Right. So you have to play. It's planning. 

You can actually be a real like sorry ass fuck of a human. And at the same time, while you're in that state, start planning a great future or a great reality for yourself. But cover all the bases you cover. 

Let's say you need money for this. How am I going to get all the money I need? How's my outlook going to be? How do I get myself better outlook? How do I get my fitness level up? Because I need energy to do this. How do I find people around me that will support what I want to do and help them also? And then the tools. 

Right. And the location. All of that has to be planned.

So that comes. There's no evolution. One thing. 

And then hopefully the next thing will come. No, it doesn't work that way. That's how you have a divided kingdom. 

That's what you live in. OK, well, here's another random strangeness. And then I've got just one more thing after this.

What is the Greek speak on Eden in Florida? In quotes, hypothesis. A man called LV Edison Calloway in the 1930s, I think, researched and wrote about it. Pre-flood civilization being in America. 

Giants. Yeah. And reported in old newspapers all across the land. 

So what do you know about that? Not much, but the archaics gets into that. Everything really started here. The modern society, people were everywhere all the time, just like electricity has always existed.

Everyone in every culture knew about electricity, but they didn't use it. Right. And then you had different levels of culture that use it and others that knew about it and didn't use it.

It's just like that. You had very advanced cultures here. But the thing about places that are heavily desert, barren, flat land.

Yeah, we're different at one point. And like, for example, like archaics gets into a lot of this. Most of the U.S. was underwater. 

Not most. A lot of it was. You know, if you drive through, you don't see any old trees through Arizona and Texas and parts of California.

All these that this was all underwater. That's why you can find fish fossils. And if you dig deep enough in a lot of desert, you'll actually find fish fossils where you think there was never any water.

I find seashells. What if I go down one, three, four feet? OK. It's high desert. 

It got pushed up. But Charlemagne, there's they're constantly finding encampments here where King Charlemagne is around 800 or ninth century. He had a colony here near Tucson and they sailed here.

Right. The water. I mean, by car, you have to drive three hours to go to the beach.

So they sailed to Tucson. So it was very different. It was an inland sea that connected to the ocean to what they call the Gulf of America now, I believe. 

Right. And all this. So, yeah, that's only recent.

A very recent big geological changes everywhere. But no, nothing about Eden in Florida, Florida. Imagine that extending all the way down to wherever you want to extend it.

You know, it was much more much different than you mean. The land was bigger landmass. Yeah. 

OK. OK. No problem there.

All right. So let's start right off the coast of Florida. Florida, Cuba, there's underwater. 

There's cities under there. Yeah, there's all kinds. They're all submerged remains like the Bimini Road and.

Yeah, exactly. Thank you. Yeah. 

Hemingway and all I got into. Yeah, exactly. OK, so look, this is the last one here.

And let me just get that note up because I put it on a text document. I wanted to save it for a moment. Where is it? There it is. 

Right. OK, so this person went through the process. They kind of argued with themselves for a little bit and went through the process of making that process, that voice inside their head.

Silent. Oh, so they got rid of that. And what resulted is that they started dreaming differently and they're a little bit disturbed by it.

Now, here's the thing about these dreams. I get it. I get it.

Go ahead. Probably things that I've experienced when I experimented with that. It's not like scary dreams or anything like that, but literally the rules of reality change, like to the point of you can walk upside down on surfaces like you don't have to worry about, like you can walk up a wall and this kind of thing. 

The rules of reality literally are changed in these dreams. And this person is wondering, is this another trick by those entities to try and break them in some way? OK, yeah, I get it. OK, you leave. 

You live in an agreed upon reality. Like everybody will pretty much agree. You can't walk through walls. 

You can't fly. Right. Right. 

You can't dematerialize. You can't be invisible, you know, physically or all that. So that's an agreed upon. 

All of that is without a machine. You can't travel over 10 miles an hour or whatever. Like, you know, yeah, et cetera. 

That's agreed upon reality. All those limitations, your perception or limitations. The reason you see what you see is because if you saw everything, you couldn't handle it with the capacity, mental capacity that you have. 

So what's going on is if you're in a dream state, if you train yourself, if you can see your hands and move your hands, you're not in a dream state. You're in like a mid reality. Right. 

If if you still see a lot of people say you dream in black and white. That's just to satisfy a juvenile mentality. Don't even ever think of that.

But another thing is, if you notice, if you're dreaming and people are their speech, their mouths are never moving. Right. But if you notice their mouths are moving now, you're not in a dream anymore.

You're actually conveyed into a different in between channels, let's say. Right. OK. 

The other thing about that agreed reality that I mentioned, you could. Yeah. The laws of of agreement that we have here don't don't apply there.

So now they would be if if you hear if you see if you hear speech and you see the mouths are not moving and you can't really have control of your hands and see your fingers moving intentionally, it's probably an implant again by those entities that give dreams. Yes, it's an implant. But if you have control of those things, I've had a dream, for example, I've asked myself to dream.

And I went into a community where there were sharks and horses like people. And they honored me. The horses honored me that a huge table and there were horses.

They sat down and they grabbed beer mugs and I saw my hands moving and their mouths were moving and they were all talking. And they were there, had these big steins. And I don't recall exactly how they were holding them with hooves.

But they were upright. That's funny. They were glad to meet me.

And there were some sharks there to be careful. The sharks are, you know, they're OK. Just don't get too close. 

And I was like, well, that's a real fucked up situation. It's got to be a dream. Right. 

But no, it passed all the tests. Right. But I saw their mouths move and my hands were moving. 

I was able to articulate. So that was really cool. I mean, you've heard of DMT, right? Yeah, of course. 

Yeah. In literature. You know, actually, that's kind of funny because, you know, Gulliver's travels, right? Everybody knows about the one where he shows up and he's a giant because that's the one they always show you in the cartoons or the movies or whatever.

And then and then he's a microman. And then he. Yeah.

Yeah. But there's actually the least known book of them all is he's a horse. People, the whole Williams, the horse people. 

Right. I was just going to say that. And I was just wondering if that was connected, if that was connected.

Yeah. And no, that did not come to memory till I gave this account to someone about a year ago. OK. 

OK. No, I was just curious if maybe, you know, it was a very Tudor setting. Tudor would be like sixteen hundreds, fifteen hundreds village type thing.

Very rough hewn, using pretty real and smells. If you get very strong smells and tastes. But if you if you don't, the criteria that I use is if you don't see the mouths moving when their speech or you can can articulate your hands, you're still being fed a dream.

Now, remember, they depend on them, the inner voice and all that. Right. OK, well, first of all, that's a success.

That's testimony on what I'm putting out, because if this person worked on and he had results about quieting the voice, that's another box we could check off. Another one that's that's advancing beyond the shit that we let's put on us. And that's only that's only the second person who's written to me and told me that they were able to do that, by the way.

So, oh, there's more. I've spoken to a few. I believe you. 

I mean, I did it, too. But I'm just saying it's just funny to me because it's like that's the second. That's only the second person people have written to me about over and over again, about a lot of things.

But this is one of those things that I've only heard twice, you know, coming back. But the first thing here, look, it's an open adventure. I'm the only one really talking about that voice in your head.

It's not you. Well, actually, I did come across it in Castaneda, something similar. And you talk about the second attention and all that.

But I'm the only one that's, I think, taking it out of context that it's usually given in some novel or whatever. And I'm saying this is real. And go ahead and work on it.

And you'll see your life change. Your perception will change. You'll be you can't be better off here, by the way.

You know, when someone tells you do this, you'll be better off here. No, this is this is you can't be. This is a place of compromise.

And but this sounds like something you should test this whole dream thing, because he talks. Yeah, but it's more than the dream thing. Look, remember the dream thing is that dream experience and all that is tied into calling the voices, let's say.

Right. So, yeah, of course, it's going to work that way. But also, they could take you down that route where they show you instead of focusing on this world, they make you focus on another world.

Right. Right. That they they can assist you to do that.

And it's still mess with you. But there's also a series that I've noticed that if you if they try doing a replacement voice on you, one of the final ones is prescience. Like they give they make you psychic eight seconds, two minutes into the future.

And most people, like I said, fall for that. Right. Yes. 

And then they work. They go work with the police and they find, you know, right. And they say, I'm psychic. 

No, you're not psychic. You they replace the the typical entity with one that does that. And you believe it. 

Oh, my gosh. I mean, that could be anyone could be right. They gave you an entity that actually has that knowledge and therefore gave you less work to do that than to keep you occupied.

Right. Otherwise. So they they're very efficient at what they do.

Yeah. But here's the thing, like just like people, they're not that smart. They're lazy. 

Right. So, you know, once you understand that, you're not going against a formidable enemy. They're under you can consider these entities and nonphysical entities formidable because they don't have physical limitations.

But on the other hand, they wish they did because there's something about having a physical body enjoying this realm. Right. It's always like you're never happy with what you got.

Right. Like the humans want to be spiritual and get out of the physical and not the spiritual ones want to be physical. Is that funny? The grass is always greener. 

Greener. Well, the whole thing, this whole system is screwed up. You want to get out of the system, not whether you're spiritual or physical.

You see what I mean? Yeah. Just to finish this question, though, just real fast is the last part of it. He mentions that he got rid of one voice. 

It seemed like it was gone for a little bit. Another one seemed to start up. And then when he got rid of that one, that's when these dreams started.

And the weird thing is, you know, besides this sort of like defying the rules, like you said, the agreed upon reality here is that it also gave him like choices, like he could decide to walk on water or not in this other reality where, by the way, there was fluid in strange places that it wouldn't have normally been. It was a very kind of almost seemed chaotic, but he started to understand there was an order to it. And these things have rapidly and been constant for many days afterwards.

Yeah. Well, be careful because they might want to drive you nuts, too. Right.

So you might want to get rid of that the same way you got rid of the voices. Fair enough. So some of the most interesting people I ever met was in the loony bin. 

Not that I was there, but I knew how to visits. You know, someone said, hey, let's go visit whatever. They're in the psych ward. 

Right. And once a week, the ones that are not dangerous, they're out. They're out like a public room.

They can't leave the building, but the public could go and interact with them. OK, well, usually you sit next to me, talk to me like they seem pretty normal. But after like 30 seconds, like, oh, shit. 

Now I know why you got your ass. It's like if you go on the you know, you go into the on the wrong train on the subway one day and you end up in a part of New York that you don't normally go to. But that seems to be. 

Well, it depends. It depends. But also some of the most interesting people like very well, like Tesla said, an insane person can think very deeply.

But an insane person cannot think clearly. So you get a lot of deep thought. And first of all, if you were too progressive in your let's say your level of intellectuality, if there is such a word, the powers that be want to see you either like addicted to drugs, homeless, living on a park bench, eating out of a garbage can or an insane asylum or jail.

They don't want you in the public. Look, fair enough. And, you know, one of the coolest things I ever thought I saw when I was younger is the first guy I saw with one of those, you know, five gallon paint can drum sets, you know.

And I love that guy. But was he sane by standard concept? Yeah. So that was in Times Square in the 80s, really late 70s, 80s.

Exactly. But the first time I saw it, it was amazing to me. And that guy, when you talk to him, though, you know, yeah, it would take about a couple of minutes.

And then you realize this guy's probably not going to hold any other kind of job. So probably good. He's making paint can drums.

Well, you don't want a job. You should have a job. Quit your job. 

Learn how to use revenue. Right. Fair enough.

We're having a lot of fun with that, by the way. We've like I said, we've made the group more private. The chat groups will just take you to the old one. 

We're going to nuke that pretty soon. But we're just moving along. We're just moving along. 

It's it's such a such a cool thing to wake up to stuff that has been around for over 100 years. Let's say we're just about 100 years and has been taken advantage of by those who know about it. And they're not hiding it because you can find out just by reading. 

Right. Cool. Yep.