The sonic event 2-1-3 and this is Rated Y so but you already know that because the only way you get it is by subscribing on Patreon. Greek, how are you today? Oh, that's a either a colloquial question good to say I'm fine, but otherwise I'm doing okay fair to Midland actually too great depending depending. Yeah, mostly dishonest answers come out of that question from people, you know, they just they just respond out of reflex.

It's I can't yeah, how am I doing? Well, let's say what am I doing? Let's do it. We're 213 times. We've met already here.

All different lengths of all sorts just organically banging out something. I mean anywhere from two hours to 26 minutes. I think they've been you know, so anyways, you got you said you got a lot of stuff, right? Want to try to battle through it or I do I'm going to get to everything as quickly as possible.

So here's one. I've read a small book from Michio Kushi. Okay, Greek mentioned. 

He's a very dogmatic about some things. Okay. What about cannabis? Because he's really condemning it as a bad substance in his book.

So what do you think of cannabis? There's the question overall. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful plant depends on who's using it and how you're using it because you can go to the variety of hemp, which is a superior fiber to the oils, which are superior oils. They are superior, you know, when certain oils have a too low of a flashpoint to cook with or go rancid or this or that.

They have the entire hemp genre cannabis superior oil extraction. You can it can be eaten as a supplement as an herb. It can be smoked. 

It's really a miracle. It's a miracle plant. Extremely versatile. 

It also seems to filter out bad things. You know, if you plant it around other things, it seems to suck it up so you can get rid of it and you can just sort of burn it off if you want. Yeah, it adds nitrogen. 

Sometimes it takes nitrogen. So I would say that it's fine. Now, if I smoke it, it turns me into a piece of the furniture and I prefer like, you know, the THC part and there's a CBD and all that.

It turns me into a piece of the furniture. And whenever I feel its effects, I'm waiting for it to wear off. I'm more I feel better not doing it. 

Right. But that's me. That's me.

But just like anything, too much is too much. And everybody's different. You know, I mean, for me, it's any amount, though.

Even taking a puff off of even back in the back of the day, I did a lot. And even like when I was still in bed, I'd reach over and grab a roach in the ashtray and puff on it before my feet touched the bed. So I would start my day off. 

Right. You know what I mean? Yeah, you're describing my teen years. But go ahead. 

Yeah. Yeah. Before I even got out of bed, you know, you finished off, you know, as I was going to sleep, I smoked.

Right. So, yeah. But then I realized, you know what, I'm better off without it.

And one of the realizations was I was with a band and we're like, oh, this is really good. We let's record. And they recorded and it sounded so bad, so incoherent.

Now, let's fast forward. We'll get to the good part. There was no good part.

It makes you think things sound amazing until you stop, you know, feeling the effect is what the fun part is. And with musicians, I notice that all the time. But, you know, yeah, I think it's great.

You're like, oh, no, you're just not listening to the part where we've got really good. No, this is the best part. No, it's terrible. 

Stop getting high. We were creative. Where's the rest of the tape? That is the whole tape.

Yeah, I know. Anyway, on the topic of plant energy. So otherwise the plant itself is wonderful.

But go ahead. Sure. On the topic of plant energies.

Now, somebody wrote a whole long thing about how they've been doing observations based on the ways that you've described plants and energetic motions and how, you know, things dip and everything else. One interesting one is okra. It is a prolific producer, can grow taller than corn, although not ideal.

The flowers point vertically. The fruits grow vertically. Any fruit left on them dies, will stay on the plant.

The dead plant will stay upright all winter. Pods dry. It's like a hollow stalk. 

Yeah. Like a sunflower almost. Yeah.

Yeah. So he's describing this and using the same observations that you use with the plants and just wanted you to know that somebody is picking up on that part. Well, that's good. 

And also that real slimy mucus texture that's inside the fruit, very similar to papaya seeds, if you've ever or some melons, that real slimy, heavy texture goes almost from like a male, you know, semen texture to light, light, like a thick liquid gel kind of stuff. Whenever you see anything that has that, it promotes vacuum in the body. It's actually producing the stuff the body produces to induce and protect itself from vacuum.

So, yeah, it's quite interesting. So it can be used for healing. It's very. 

The only thing is, though, when you have a plant that produces that slimy texture, papaya. I recently got a big papaya, cut it open and put it put it in the blender, just papaya, a little juice juices itself. It's really cool. 

And you could drink it because there's no fiber in it, really. And I felt really good from that. And but it gave me a little bit of a sore upper intestine. 

I did too much of it, I think. But that when you when you clean the seeds out, anything that has that slime like okra, papaya was the two things I could think of. Melons kind of have it. 

It depends if it's really ripe, it's dry on the inside. Right. Like cantaloupe or whatever. 

But typically, if you can get anything that will that will induce and promote vacuum in the body. The only thing, though, is that it does it very rapidly, almost too quick. All right. 

So you're better off, again, using something that isn't so. But let's say someone is losing vacuum. Like, well, how do you diagnose that? Right.

That papaya and okra or whatever supplement would be good or fresh. Anyway, I was going to say, why not create a condiment out of the papaya, in which case you could utilize it just a little bit along with your food and then you can take in a little bit. And it's actually papaya and it's called but you can buy papaya and it's a meat tenderizer, which can be considered a condiment.

Well, I didn't know that, but I was just thinking, why not create a condiment? Sure. It doesn't change. One thing with these kinds of things that like papaya and content in papaya, fresh papaya is 100 times more potent than when you dehydrate it.

Yeah. So they synthesize it also. So the crystal kind of looks like MSG, almost like actually MSG is a very weird looking crystal. 

It almost looks toxic. Yeah, it does. I'm not taking notes. 

I was thinking segue, but tangent. If you look up the word economics, ecos means house and nomosnomics means law. And I was speaking to someone earlier about all the ideas that I have, you know, and why not do a small two or three part series called microeconomics.

And I'll throw people off because when you take economics, they think it has to do with finance. Well, it does. It does as well, but very small. 

Remember home economics, right? Yeah. And the terms macro and microeconomics do exist. So you're going to have to redefine it probably.

Yeah. Microeconomics, basically when you're around your dwelling, covering all the various subjects from cooking, cleaning, repairing, maintaining hygiene, because, you know, the condition of your dwelling is part of your hygiene. Imagine walking into a dwelling place, apartment or house, and you haven't met who lives there yet, but the place is like a real bad mess.

You don't say this person also has bad hygiene, right? But it's tied in. You know, you can say that and be pretty accurate. Well, you don't expect a perfectly clean, absolutely pristine person to walk out of a disaster area like that. 

That's what's true. Yeah. But typically a disaster, you know, grime and stuff, you know, a really dirty car, dirty house, also associates with the person's hygiene.

So microeconomics would be how to stay on top of these things. And one of the reasons I was bringing this forward is because as our environment is changing, you know, the simulation, let's say, the way things are accredited to us. Things that I did in the past, like, you know, mow the lawn, fix this, paint the fence, you know, just giving examples here, sew up some pants you don't want to throw away, repair some shoes, takes so long to do now that it's almost not worth doing.

It's like, why is this taking me so long? Why is it taking me half the afternoon to repair these cargo pants that I like where before I would just like to sit around and do it in 15 minutes? Why? I mean, so things like even just cleaning house takes so long to do comparatively, something's going on in our reality, right? So I wanted to maybe bring these things forward so if other people are experiencing chores and things that normally, you know, were done automatically seem to take so long now, maybe it would help. So we'll just put that, you know, we'll see if we get any feedback for the microeconomics course. We'll do it with you. 

We'll do it right here. It'll be available to whoever is on. I'll go down a long list of things to cover in your in your everyday surrounding life, workplace, home and all that.

So let's go back to the questions. So it could be, you know, the Greeks on that class. Literally.

All right. Literally what is, but we may call it microeconomics. It's, you know, micro meaning close, right? More small.

But it's either way. I wouldn't feel bad about going to home ec either. Just just because it's shorthand and it would make.

I like home ec is better. It probably explains more. I think they stopped teaching that, though.

Or let's say part. I don't think that's part of any curriculum anymore. It might be correct me if I'm wrong, but I think it was done away with a while back.

It may be a little more rare than it used to be, sort of like civics classes. Anyways, it's interesting that Iran's leader gave 2040 as the end of Israel, which is also the Phoenix year given by archaics. In Iran, they display on one of the main squares a countdown screen that goes all the way to 2040.

Are you aware of this? And what are your thoughts? I wasn't aware of it, but you'll see if you go and put in the what happens in the year 2040. I remember articles from MIT putting stuff out that society, as you know, will end in 2040. I knew that in 2005.

There was stuff in the 90s saying 2040 was the end of that. So when archaics came out with this 2040, I was like, oh, yeah, I've heard that before. The 2012 stuff was a fashion, right? Everybody, you know, the only thing that would happen after 2012 is 2013.

So and I told that to people because the Mayan calendar can't be reckoned cross calendrically with the Gregorian calendar. There's no cross. You know, there's no cross reckoning.

You have to do the counts independently. And archaics gets into that. If anybody's heard me before archaics came on the scene, they know I was on board with all that.

But not specifically the Phoenix. I was not aware of the Phoenix other than when he talked when I first heard of him speaking on the Phoenix. I said, oh, that's the great crossing that I've read about.

There's a crossing that happens or an object goes from north to south and also reading Charles Fort. But Charles Fort never showed a periodicity. He just talked about the phenomenon.

So, no, it does. It makes sense. I do recall, though, reading an article a long time ago at MIT Computer.

All right. Calculated 2040 was the end of everything as we know it at the end of, you know, whatever. And I was using biblical reckoning.

Nineteen ninety eight's end of time. And you add thirty three and then you add another three and a half to that. So that would put us in the year 30, 20, 33, 20, 34 from biblical reckoning that we have in the Middle East Union or a lot of hoopla in the Middle East.

That Middle East would be world focus and dominance by starting in twenty twenty five. That was my shtick on that from the information I had. So, no, I think it's brilliant.

I think the periodicity is more important because when you what our brochures did by nailing down the periodicity of one hundred thirty eight years. Right. Is really what you need.

If something has a periodicity, find out what it is. Right. So there's no guesswork.

Right. Right. So it's got a reoccurring time span.

Get to know that. Yeah. So you can. 

Yeah, that's more. That's, you know, like the bus schedule. Right. 

It might be a little early, a little late, but, you know, it's coming at. But generally speaking, it runs out right at about the hour. And, you know, it's you've got to be there before the hour to make sure you catch it.

And, you know, if you're a little bit past the hour, you missed it. I mean, that's kind of sticklers about getting it out on time. So I think it's a stickler thing, the Phoenix 2040, I think.

But typically there are signs way before. So we'll see that. And yeah, we'll see.

I think as as year as more time goes by, it'll be quite obvious, more obvious what's happening. But I think they're going to do an artificial shutdown because they don't want to they want to be in control. So they'd rather say the end of society happened in 2036 than 2040, because then they did it.

Right. You know, the ego thing. Right.

So, yeah. And plus, you don't want to do it on even year because then it becomes more obvious. Yeah, they're going to try to shut it down before the Phoenix comes, because, again, like Brashear says, when they do reemerge after the disaster, they don't want to see anyone with any kind of advantage here.

They want to be able to come back up and dominate. So they want to disadvantage you before we can you before the blow. So it's funny. 

It almost sounds like that nonsense Boogliosi invented about Manson coming out of Death Valley with his followers. Anyway, Greek, can you tell a bit more about how to diagnose the difference between circus flu in quotes versus loss of vacuum? I use circus flu as the example you gave us about not feeling well. I call it the circus flu. 

Yeah, because it came on when my niece, Wendy Blades, came to visit. And the conditions I've explained of a traveling circus. Also, she's a blood relative.

Sister's daughter. My sister's daughter. Right. 

Right. Very close. And it her frequency. 

She was adapted to it. I wasn't. And it slammed me. 

It's all frequency. Of course, we, you know, hugged and kissed. Right.

No exchange of bodily fluids, but close proximity. Right. Right.

Was enough. And frequency. And yeah. 

But a loss of vacuum. Okay. Loss of vacuum. 

Your body. In order for a living thing to be alive, it has to have a biological vacuum induced. Meaning an inward pressure, something that sucks things together to hold them together by a negative pressure.

And it's very slight, but it's biological. Right. When that goes, the thing starts to decompose, where it doesn't matter if it's a bacteria, plant, animal, human, fungus, whatever.

Once I shouldn't say fungus because fungus preserves itself by becoming a crystal. Because it's a crystalline form. So fungus is an entirely different thing, which would be a very good study because it seems to be able to bypass the necessities of the biological vacuum.

But what happened was with the circus flu, it disturbed the body's ability to maintain the biological vacuum, that the biological vacuum started to deteriorate. That's what poisons do. So all the cells go into just like you have these metronomes, you know, these things that keep time, just like timing in an engine.

You have mitochondria, external internal impulse, mitochondria inside of the cell all the way to external forces like nitrogen. We're nitrogen breathers that require oxygen mixed with the nitrogen in order for it to work. We're not oxygen breathers. 

Remember when NASA, they gave them oxygen, everyone got sick. You get pneumonia if you just get oxygen. We're actually nitrogen breathers that requires a percentage of oxygen for it to work.

So because we convert the nitrogen to oxygen in the body with a catalyst of some oxygen. So all these influences, it's not one thing. See, we still have the mentality that you take this pill or this antidote or this and that's it.

It's a very complex system if you don't understand it. The only thing is when you do understand it, it's simple to you, but complex to those who don't again. Right.

So there's someone who understands this biological vacuum. And here's the thing. I have people in the field say in medical field and biology say, Greek, you're the only one talking about or emphasizing the biological vacuum.

Hey, I'm not saying you're wrong. I'm just saying you're the only one like there's something wrong with that. Right.

So by looking at it, it requires timing. Like, for example, when you have a timing chain or a timing belt that turns the cams on an engine, if you don't know anything about it, you can look this up and see how it makes sense. The teeth on the teeth on the cogs for the cam have to be exact, exact fit on the chain.

You know, it's called TDC, top dead center. Everything has to be aligned perfectly. If you're off by one tooth, it's hard. 

You know, you might look like you have everything aligned. But if you don't check those timing marks, that's how I work is slightly. Obviously, I think it's on that. 

It's not one tooth off. The engine will run rough, really rough. It'll vibrate.

So it's it's a timing thing. It's a pulsation thing. Well, almost almost anybody who was a kid and had a bicycle would also identify with the same problem with the chain.

The second you bend a part of the sprocket. I mean, it's a nightmare. Right. 

Well, yeah, yeah. But the timing, what I mean by that, see the poisons in the body like that you can administer to kill someone like cyanide, arsenic, things like that. Yeah, it goes after the cells ability to produce phosphorus.

Right. That's what they say. Chemically, it's partially true.

And there's an ignition cycle inside the cells. And if you disturb that, I believe all these these things act as engines to keep the biological vacuum going. And it's not necessarily a force, but it's a force when it's in motion.

In other words, once once it gets going and it's in balance, you have what's called a very fit or healthy organism. Anything to disturb any anything in that clockwork. Right. 

And the simplest example of that is when you break the skin, you've breached the vacuum and the body right away gets the signal to send fluids and swelling and all that to stop it. Right. But the circus flu and the vacuum is a very I don't see a direct correlation.

But, yes, that's what it would do. I've coined it the circus. Actually, that would be interesting. 

You know, we can we've coined a lot of stuff. You know, the last thing I remember going on a tangent here again is when you see stuff and it looks fake and I call the aftertaste, you know, so the circus flu could be something that might sound too comical for people. But that that's that comes from pure induction. 

Right. So, yeah. All right. 

I can get it. You know, I've got a lot of thoughts on these things and anything, you know, the biological vacuum, because I'm actually working on it and researching it. And anything, any question on it will actually let you know where I'm at with my research.

Also, I kind of give it away. Yeah. So anyway, it's a big field and and I've been getting some messages of some people looking into it.

But we're in a culture that completely denies it. You know, I said, if you ask, check GPT, is the body under a biological vacuum? It clearly says no. And then comma, there is a pressure in the body that, you know, it's like, oh, my gosh.

Yeah. Well, anyway, look, there's a lot more to get to anyhow. Look, you've got somebody who lives in Southeast Asia. 

All right. And they describe something called D.E.N.G.U.E. Not sure how to pronounce that properly. Fever, which is caused by mosquito bites now.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Fever that dogs get that pets get that here. Well, yeah. Well, they're concerned about getting it there because it causes chronic problems.

It's pretty painful. All that. OK, so do you know anything of this type of illness? It looks like there are no preventative measures.

You find out only when you get it. What would you take in this case? OK, we're baking soda help or something like that. The best thing is find out what the people who are, quote unquote, an air quotes immune to it or don't have it that are near places that you could get it and eat what they eat.

Like, for example, the water in the Ganges River, you know, people use for drinking water and you'll see people defecating in it and dead bodies floating in it. Right. But they don't get sick because if you look at what they eat, they have these intense curries and intense herbs that they eat in the Indian diet.

So if you're going to go there and find out where the gangue fever is prevalent and what the people that are in that prevalent zone eat and eat that before you go there. OK, well, this person lives there and seems to say that, like, it's just not preventable for people there. Oh, I see. 

So it might be outbreaks and things like that. Baking soda, definitely, because that would change your frequency big time. And they asked about them as well. 

So. I don't know. Yeah.

That's experimental. It's experimental. But I would definitely do the baking soda water.

OK, I would do I would do also the quinine water, you know, the tonic water, the tonic with the quinine in it. OK, yeah. Yeah. 

And I would do I would do whatever local citrus is there. Incorporate that into my diet. Also good. 

I have small various varieties of limes and citrus. Yeah, that quinine tonic water is also good for cramping in the lower in the in the lower legs and stuff like that, too. It helps. 

And also learn how to make the aqueous Argentum. You know, it's basically it's not colloidal. So sorry, not colloidal silver because there's no silver content.

But you use a one volt battery single cell with silver to make it put it in the water for just a minute. Yeah, I put a few people together about that and I haven't heard back yet. Hopefully there'll be some stuff and gave the schematic which you passed to me.

Anyways, question number two from the same person. I heard the Greek saying many times that he enjoys kratom. I also like it a lot, but I have a hard time dealing with the taste.

Do you have any good recipes to make the kratom more tasty? One time I was at a bar in Thailand where they mix it with ginger, lemon and sparkling water and it tasted very delicious. You could do it that way. What I do is I have a small wooden spoon.

It would be comparable to a quarter of a teaspoon. OK, and I just slam that in the mouth and then immediately have something to wash it down with something warm like coffee or tea. Don't do soda or juice with it. 

It turns absolutely rancid, you know, because of the acid. It's very alkaline. Right. 

So. So water, warm water. Definitely. 

I've tried other ways and definitely for me is just slam a little bit of powder in the mouth and wash it down with a body or room temperature liquid. That's not acidic like a tea or a coffee team. That's that's not hot, obviously.

Yeah, because you have to slam it. Otherwise you got a mouthful of powder. That's the way I like to do it.

Yeah. Yeah. I don't like to have it mixed in whatever.

If you mix it in any kind of a juice or a soda or something that has, you know, the acid and the citrus, it nullifies it because it's it's an alkaline. Fair enough. And nobody wants a mouthful of powder or muddy powder.

Anyways, if someone was to get a loan from a private trust, would the holder of that trust be able to access the borrower's line of credit? It depends on the what access, if the trust is set up as an intermediary, meaning a banker. All right. If they're an intermediary, they have access to the O.C. 10 or an O.C. 7 operating Circular 10, which is a window of the Federal Reserve or an operating Circular 7, which is different.

You know, it depends. A trust is a trust. You know, I mean, everything is in trust.

If I hand someone five bucks to go to the store, someone asks them, do you have any money? They say no. And they sit there, they have five bucks. They say, I have no money. 

Well, it's not mine. You see. So trust is very, very wide thing.

But if they if they're an intermediary, like, you know, with a license or permission to do so from all the securities agencies and the Federal Reserve. Yeah, they can access your line of credit, but they usually can't do it with just your name. They what they would do is they would negotiate whatever you give them.

But to access a line of credit, they would you would have to give them some kind of a credit number, like a Social Security number, and they'd have to have access to the window. So the general answer to the question is no, because of insufficient details. All righty. 

Somebody asked for you and me to pick two songs, a piece that that we appreciate most. And just easy. Yeah, good. 

What I could do one I've been listening to a lot lately. Band on the run. Paul McCartney. 

That song is about the simulation. It's like, oh, stuck in these four walls. Here we go again.

Mom. All right. You see his mom again and trying to break out, you know, the jailer and the sailor and the right and the judge.

And here we go crashing into the sun. The rain crashes into the sun. Hope you're having fun. 

All this stuff. Yeah. Breaking out of this reality.

Here we go again. Kind of thing. Oh, clearly banned on the run. 

Listen to the lyrics of that. Holy shit. And then it would be listening to a lot lately over and over is two albums.

One is Physical Graffiti and Houses of the Holy, both from Led Zeppelin. Those are more than just two songs, but band on the run, man. Another one that's good if you're feeling like nitty gritty boots to the ground here.

It's Bruce Springsteen Badlands, probably the best song he's ever done. But, yeah, that's for that genre. See, for me, any music that sounds good is good.

The genre is irrelevant, but I've just gave out what I've been very impressed with lately is band on the run. Listen to, you know, you just put in band on the run song and look at the read the lyrics. You're like, oh, my gosh, that's about breaking out of here.

You know, keep you keep being sent back here and these guys break out and it pisses off the authorities because you broke out. Right. Right. 

So, yeah, that's really good. And again, Houses of the Holy album and Physical Graffiti album. Yeah, Led Zeppelin. 

I'm a little bit different than you, obviously. Look, I appreciate a lot of stuff by Motorhead and Black Sabbath. My favorite song is Under the Sun. 

And take a listen to it. You'll figure out why. But also, I got to tell you, I have a great appreciation for Alice in Chains in general.

Previous Alice in Chains, not the new stuff. And Rage Against the Machine. I like them. 

It's very interesting. It's like a fusion. And I appreciate it.

And, you know, the message is. I used to, when I did bicycle racing, I got into mountain bike racing. I put rage in the machine riding off road, you know.

You took the fear away. Here's the thing about fear. People talk, don't have fear. 

It's stupid. It's OK to have fear, but don't let the fear disable you. And can you operate at your best and still be in fear? You know, people say don't fear. 

That is a terrible thing to say to people because it makes them. That is that's what the collect that's what they put out to the collective to disable you. Right. 

Don't have any fear. Right. It's can you operate under fear? And I think Rage Against the Machine is something that helps you operate under fear.

Yeah. But here's the thing. I think it's great to punch straight through it.

You know, do not allow it to dictate your actions. It just yeah. No matter how fearful you are, you can still function.

Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Anyway.

OK, this is an odd question for us, but here we go. Why are they demonizing the white race? Oh, that that's happened before. OK, these these things go in cycles.

They just read about was it Morgenthau? And who was it who wrote the pastoral policy for Germany that Germany should be turned into a pasture? And all the German people eliminated. Oh, right. And the Huns and they used to be the Huns. 

The white people were called the Huns. So there was posters throughout the US during World War Two. Let's let's go fight the Huns. 

Well, that's what they called the Germans. Yeah. Yeah. 

Yeah. Yeah. Which is really weird.

It's really an anti-Aryan, anti-German thing, more than anti-white thing. Which is crazy because Attila the Hun, according to historians at the time, was right here and seven feet tall. They didn't know what race he was.

They looked at him and went, we don't know where the hell this guy came from, even. And they live on the backs of horses, these Huns. Yeah, that's what they told us, because if you start if you get too much stuff, you connect the dots and get a sense of real history.

Right. Yeah, of course. Breshears, right now, I think Breshears is at the top of the mountain with that.

He's putting out some really good stuff, you know, archaics for history and all that. Yeah. OK. 

So here's here's one. I hate this question. I'm just going to read it.

Hi, Greg. After the Christ laid down his life and was resurrected, do you think that it gave the higher level gods no reason to interact with man as they did in ancient times? Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. 

I think that did. OK. Yeah. 

We're living in a quiet time and the quiet time. There's many quiet times that we've gone through. This is a quiet time.

OK. When you say the war is for meeting a quota. Are you talking just as a money making racket for the military industrial complex? Or is there also a killing quota, too? Killing quota.

OK. Also, why didn't you use a neodymium magnet in the scalarator? OK. Like Ken Wheeler.

I think somebody's busting your chops, but go ahead. Yeah. Neodymium are really strong.

They give you because they're very high density, which means that it's the same amount of magnetism in a much smaller area. Right. And we don't want that because, first of all, we're not even using the magnetism.

We're using the the block what's known as the block wall, which is the potential. That's where the two parts of what people refer to as magnetism. The poles, which are not poles, is a vortex going right through it.

But we don't use that. So we need that that extension from a less dense field. Now, the neodymium, because it has a higher dielectric property, even though it's a metal, it's a centered metal. 

It does have more magnetism as well as higher density. And it just doesn't work as well as a ceramic with a lower density because we need that. We're not looking to have a small magnet that could lift anything or use.

We're not looking for the magnetic part. That's the thing. Right. 

I assure you, I'm the other than a couple of people that do. What are those catskin that catskin MRIs? I was just going to say, what you don't need is the MRI giant, what they call a monster magnet. Right. 

Yeah, there's no there's no one discussing the block wall. The only reason they don't even know what the block wall is. They just they just discuss it because that's where the transmission.

That's the that's how they define, you know, where they're going to overlap and focus getting their images. That's the break the for them. It's just a break where the field changes.

Right. They don't understand how to use it. And that's why I'm talking publicly. 

There's nothing. I'm the only one that's emphasizing the use of the block wall bar none, period, in the world right now. I enjoy monster magnet, the band as well. 

Back to that question about music. But anyway. Yeah. 

But the reason we don't use the NEOs is because the density pulls everything in too close. And we want it to extend out further into the flow. Because remember, using it to treat water, which is incredible, by the way.

I don't think I've gone into too much detail on it lately. But I had it sent to someone, a lab in Louisiana. And I was like, you know, I kind of get a weird feeling.

This is, you know, let's send it to my house. I think I don't know if I said this on the Sonic. And it was a Tuesday and I sent it priority.

So it should get there on a Thursday from Tucson to Lake Charles, Louisiana. Right. But anyway, I checked tracking. 

So it leaves Tucson that night. Next day it's in Houston. And then it goes from one place to Houston.

It goes to Austin. Then it goes to Dallas on Thursday or Friday. Then it goes back and then it goes finally goes to Louisiana.

I'm like, wait a second. Supposed to be delivered Thursday. It's the weekend. 

It's still in Texas moving around. And it gets delivered to this person's house at Sunday at five o'clock p.m. Right. Who the hell gets mail? And I said, listen, you know, please photograph the box.

I want to see if it's been tampered or anything because I'll do better. I'll do a video. So I did an unboxing video and it wasn't.

It just everything was exactly like I had packed it. And I didn't put any kind of a trip in there or anything to see, you know, because you know how years ago you put a string on top of your door to see if someone's come in. Right. 

Oh, yeah. Yeah. So I didn't do anything like that.

But it was pretty much whatever. But I hear at the post office, they have these small needles that they randomly penetrate packages with. That's why they keep asking, you know, liquids, no liquids. 

Right. And it sniffs and then it just sniffs it and it doesn't really get reviewed. It just goes on file, you know, just like all of our conversations.

Transcripts are being made and they don't really get reviewed. They just be put away, you know, maybe randomly get reviewed. Well, they're stacked in a database somewhere.

So what I presumed happened is they probably broke out one of these new two million dollar X-ray machines and it was a little too close and blew up the X-ray machine. That's what I'm presuming. That's why it didn't get there.

I didn't make a stink about it. It should. You know, I paid postage to get it.

They're always priority two days and it didn't get there till Sunday at five o'clock. I didn't get back to the post office. What's the delay? I was just watching it on the tracking. 

I thought it was funny. It was kind of like one of those wily coyote maps, you know, and a roadrunner. That's what it looked like. 

And so I just wanted to put this out publicly because I don't think I have before. It's it's been quite an adventure working with this. Yeah. 

And I've watched stuff disappear and reappear in tracking before. It's funny. And in Georgia, I'll let you know that they do have these weird Sunday night late deliveries, but only mail that they've monitored or redirected in some way.

So further on, one of the labs, I kept asking them, how's this fantastic result? So we'll send me something in writing or a lab, right? You do reports. We will finally get back to him and say, oh, we don't have it anymore. It's in our other lab in Illinois. 

And I'm like, what? OK, so I call them. They're like, well, what do you plan on? So you got a report. We'll get your report. 

By the way, this is a couple of months ago and they still haven't gotten me a report. And I said, what do you what are you planning on doing for post-preparation after the water goes through? So what do you mean post-preparation after the water goes through? I said, don't you know? I said, what, what, what? He says, well, we have our control samples, which didn't go through the scalar. Then the water that went through the scalar. 

I said, yeah. And he says, you know that after about 48 to 72 hours, you have precipitants in the in the test samples. So in other words, you see these jars, three jars that didn't go.

The same water didn't go through. And the three jars where the water went through. Stuff starts to come out of the water and settle at the bottom of the jar.

I was like, oh, my gosh. So it's actually the water puts the water in a mode where the water starts to clean itself. That's interesting. 

Yeah. That's why they were wondering. I say, what do you propose to do for that post-preparation? You know, for the stuff that falls on us, I never knew it did that.

I just put it on homes. So we have excellent water. I don't capture the water later and see stuff, you know, for three, four days.

What falls out of it, you know, never knew that. So that's why that's cool to go to a lab. Right.

Now you can and can discover something occasionally through the. Yeah. So I didn't know it did that. 

So there's this huge potential for that, you know, for many, many different things. And it's it puts the water in a state way beyond what's considered to be H2O. Water is not H2O at all. 

It's fooled. Everyone's been fooled by that. You can even ask chat GPT. 

Water is not H2O. So, yeah, water is not H2O. But for chemical description, that's what we use.

Make a long story short, not getting into it, it does still learning about what it does. And it just increases the quality of the water, just like if you're not feeling well, you're not going to do stuff around the house. But if you're really fit and you do and you're doing well, you're probably going to do more.

And the water is that way. It puts the water at a higher level of fitness. And one thing that I've been telling people lately is anyone wants to get into water healing spas, you don't have to travel to these places where they have, you know, these movies, natural spas and take a bath to get rid of your skin disorders or muscle or joint disorders.

You've heard stories, right? Yeah. And some what some of those springs are pretty good. I mean, they are. 

But now you can you can you can do it yourself. If you set up the sclerator right anywhere, you set up anyone who has one. If you fill a bathtub, the water looks blue, turns blue.

Just just with the lights on or low, it doesn't matter. Oh, yeah. With certain light, the world. 

So, no, I'm talking about any light. The water starts to look like tiny bowl blue. I've gotten pictures. 

People who had the scars and look at the water. Look how blue it is. I'm like, yeah, it shows up in the picture really well.

How does it look in real life? It's just like that. I'm like, perfect. Yeah. 

So where if you don't run it through the scale, you get this grayish, you know, a tap water. Looks like, you know, blah. Right. 

So it looks dirty even when it's clean. OK, so can you please ask the Greek if he has any thoughts on gene keys? It's a system that blends Western astrology and I Ching. Nothing at all. 

Nothing at all. I was just fascinated by the nine star key because it's a collection of data for thousands of years. Now, whether it's been misused or are we getting an accurate whatever? No, I just I find it to be fairly accurate, especially with people around you.

But no, I don't know about a crossover. No, I'm not an astrology type person. Fair enough. 

Just got two more. I got a short one and a long one. So go with the short first. 

What are the Greeks thoughts on Wim Hof breathing techniques and cold showers? Thank you in advance. Never heard of it, but I have heard about the cold bath dipping and all that. That will make you extremely young because the water, cold water is extremely lean.

That'll really tighten young men. It'll tighten you up. It'll it'll.

And, you know, when you give me an example, when you this is not a direct answer, but when you subject yourself to cold and you're shaking, that's shaking is the releasing of yin. Right. The yin energy has to be released because in order for you to become young from being exposed to such a yin energy or principle, let's say of something being cold, which is extremely lean, it'll make your body young to balance.

So you you're you're actually shaking is releasing yin. Also a sneeze when someone sneezes, it's a release of yin. Like when you eat spicy food or put spicy food up, you know, the snuff or whatever makes people sneeze from back in the day.

Snuff boxes. Right. Yes. 

That was because spices are very yin. So it over yin. It creates a reaction that releases you.

So sneezing, shaking from being cold is a release of yin. So, OK, so the cold, what it'll do, a cold shower, cold bath, these ice baths that people do. It's fashionable wherever it's going to really seen if you're on any kind of medication, prescription drugs or even taking vitamins or eat fatty oils or processed food, it could actually force a rapid response of release of yin.

It could actually hurt you or damage your organs. So you have to be really fit and balanced to do those things. And if you're doing those things to be fit and balanced, you're kind of like experimenting.

You might hurt yourself. Right. That's what I'm saying. 

The body always reacts better to a warm shower and a hot bath. It doesn't matter if it's cold or hot out. You always react better to a hot sauna, a steam room, hot bath, hot shower than anything cold.

And that's what I recommend. I would never recommend anything cold on the body because it forces a rapid release of yin. And knowing that the day and age we live in and all that, most people not being as fit as you could be because the environment is so toxified.

I wouldn't do anything, any kind of a cold treatment or anything. The only cold treatment I would do is if you had a bruise, you know, the cold pack. I have a cat that's having a hard time adapting to the desert heat.

So I have to do cold coat on him. I have these these ice packs that I rub on his coat, cools him down because he's really hot and itchy and he's having a hard time. He's like one of these cats that belong in the forests of Sweden or Norway or, you know, cold.

He's like imagine a husky in the desert. Right. So, yeah. 

So, yeah. That only that like I've used cold packs before. I've had a skin manifestation that was so itchy.

I was like that that's a young manifestation breaking through the skin. I need to put ice pack on that. And it just made it stop. 

And yes, knowing diagnosis. But again, just to I would like to emphasize and underscore that my recommendation for any kind of a treatment doesn't matter if it's hot or cold. That is a hot bath, hot shower, steam room sauna, never a cold shower, never a cold dip because it forces a rapid discharge of yin.

Yeah. Somebody once asked in one of these little community chat things about like, you know, why is my dog so miserable? And I took a look and realized, you know, they had a husky living in Florida. And I'm like, are you stupid? I mean, that dog is not supposed to be in Florida.

It's very literally made for cold weather. He's literally designed for cold weather like that. That dog belongs way north up in Canada somewhere, you know, at least.

Yeah. I've seen them pulling with those sleighs, you know, and they're just happy as anything like minus 20, you know? Yeah. But you bring them into, you know, 102 degree weather.

They're sitting there panting, like trying not to drop. Anyways. Yeah. 

So this is a long one, Greek. But bear with me because it tells a lot. OK, well, you can abridge it, but go ahead.

Yeah, I'll read some of it, but not all of it. OK, I understand the frustration with the so-called doctors. They're terrible. 

I went last week for a health check. I never go to doctors, but I had to do it because of work. Basically, the only thing they do is measure blood pressure, high blood pressure.

Before going there, I spent two hours walking around the city and it was almost 40 degrees outside. So my heart was still beating at an increased rate. The doctor instantly suggested blood pressure medications.

So no, thanks. Just give me my certificate. These doctors are really clowns.

Is that the only thing they taught them in college to measure blood pressure? What a joke. I went to check the definition of blood pressure. It says the force that blood exerts against the walls of the arteries.

So ultimately, here's the questions. How do they measure the force? Same way they measure gravity? You could look that up. Look up the history.

I've had several people in the medical industry that I've told, when you look up definitions, you're going to get the political definition. You're going to get what they want you to do. If you looked up COVID four years ago, it'd be very different than if you looked it up 15 years ago or now.

So you have to look up the history of the blood pressure cuff and blood pressure measurement devices history. And they'll walk you through what they were trying to do and what they developed to measure those things. And they'll explain how it evolved into what it is now.

You're going to be scratching your head and you're like, they did all this for what? For nothing? Yeah. Basically, this is the same thing from listening to Brandon Joe Williams. When attorneys get out of law school, or when you get out of law school, you still don't know how to write a court case, a lawsuit.

You still don't know how to write a lawsuit. Now, what they do is the same thing they do. And I've seen nursing school books.

They spend most of their time talking about what chemicals are inside cells, which none of them could confirm any of that. It's all bullshit, right? Because I've told you that the way they find out what chemicals are inside cells is by first crushing the cell, centrifuging it, and then assaying it, either combining it with caustic chemicals, acidic chemicals, or burning it. So when you do all those things, you've changed into something else.

Like, you can't tell me orange marmalade is orange, and you can't tell me that a pickle is a cucumber, even though, right? It started off as the same. They want a cucumber in their hamburger? No, hell no. I want a pickle, right? Not the same thing anymore.

So it's all a distraction. The medical thing, hospitals, because of the hospital business and all that, is a farce. I cannot emphasize that.

You could look this up. I don't know how much of it will still be left online. Socialized medicine countries have, and they go on strike occasionally.

When they go on strike, the morgues are literally empty. When the doctors go back to work, the morgues begin to operate at regular capacity again. That's all you have to say.

Now, walking around. So go look at the history, because I can run down the technical stuff right now, what they're doing, and what it actually measures. It measures literally the pulse, the time in between beats.

And there's an algorithm for it. And it's all BS. Because, excuse me, if you're going to talk about blood pressure, it better be negative pressure.

Right? Because it's moving. People think, like, remember in the old? Well, the timing between beats is easy to see because they used to, when people wore watches, they would look at their watch, and they would watch the second hand, and look at it. Yeah, right, exactly.

The timing in between, and there's a motion in the cuff disturbance of the pressure. But here's the thing. They've got everyone programmed, including these idiot doctors, that we're pressurized filter bags.

We're filter bags because we absorb things, right? And we're pressurized. If you're going to talk about pressure, it's got to be negative. And if you're talking about filtering or absorption, it better be using the term induction because nothing passes through any of the tissues at all.

And so, yeah, are they moronic? Yeah, just like, well, here's the thing. You can go to a banker, a Series 7 licensed broker, stockbroker. Someone's been working 30, 40 years in banking, investment banking, and they don't know what negotiable instruments are.

They don't know. They can't define it. They can't define anything.

They don't know what the Federal Reserve is doing. They don't know what monetization is. They don't know anything at all, just like attorneys don't know any law.

They just write nasty grams, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah, so no one knows anything. So my question to the person writing this is I really appreciate that, but it sounds like you've been on this planet for 30 days only.

In other words, what I recommend to the person who wrote the question in the email, by the way, I highly appreciate it because you're sharing an experience, is don't be so naive, and you should take a more sarcastic undertone, not an overtone with this, which you actually did. I'm giving you high marks for this, by the way. Don't take what I'm saying as whatever berating you or anything.

I'm actually giving you high marks for bringing this forward because you actually brought out what you did and what they did, and clearly they don't know what they're doing, and you notice that. The shame of it is that the people around you don't know that what you know, most likely, I'm presuming, and the person that you went to, right? So here's the thing. By the way, one suggestion I would make is when they said, I suggest you to be on blood pressure medication, just say, give me the script, right? In other words, go along with them, with those idiots.

When you're dealing with illegal morons, you have to rebut everything they say. Don't rebut the doctors that much because they have a lot of legal power also. You might tell you one thing and send something else to your employer.

So say, give me the script and I'll consider it, and then they feel like, yeah, I got another one. You don't want to wake these idiots up because it's actually, they've chosen to be asleep, these medics, right? And they've chosen that life. They know it. 

None of them are happy. Trust me, I know that. If you know any of these medical morons, they take more interest in hobbies and other pastimes than their career.

They have to for their sanity, right? So, yeah, they really do. If you know anyone who works as a doctor, they have any pastime, whether it's a sport or whatever, pastime, hobby. They take it very seriously because they have no way to define themselves.

Now, you have the surgeons and the interns who take a tremendous amount of time that is taken from them to work there, and that's all military. That's all based on military protocols. But anyway, I'm glad you shared that.

But again, to go back to what blood pressure is, just like diabetes and all that, study the history of it. How was blood pressure equipment developed and why? And you're not going to get into a big thing about it. Wikipedia will do that for you really quick. 

It's fine. And you'll see that they started off with something that was a notion and a theory, and they pursued it disregarding the facts. And they made it a fact in people's minds, even though it doesn't exist.

There you go. And look, I actually missed one question, didn't realize it, but I double-checked and found it. So here it is, the last thing that I need to ask you, which is, Greek, what does it mean in this current reality to, quote, seek enlightenment, end quote? Well, here, I'll use this.

You ever hear people say, oh, he's very spiritual, and I'm like, and? Right? Well, spiritual could be, is that like, let's say, demonic spiritual or angelic spiritual? Spiritual just means not physical. It could be like Linda Blair and the Exorcist, right? Or it could be, you know, what was that funny movie they did about a guy talking to God, right? With George Burns. Remember that? And then they did another one.

Oh, yeah. It was called Oh, God. Oh, God. 

Yeah. So which one? They're both spiritual movies, by the way. Yeah. 

Right. Oh, God is a spiritual movie. And so is the Exorcist.

And then they did the second one, Oh, God, you devil. And George Burns played both God and the devil. Remember? Yeah. 

So, right. Right. Yeah.

You showed up in a different colored suit, I think. He had a red suit on, like, and lit his cigarettes with his fingertips or whatever. Right. 

Right. So the thing about that is, like, when you say revelation, it just means, or apocalypse, this just means to open. So when you enlighten, to put light on something, it could be anything.

I mean, what does it mean? It could make you very upset. Like, if you're in a relationship and that person is cheating on you for a long time and you have no suspicion of it, and you find out that that's happening, that's enlightenment, isn't it? What do you do now? What are you going to do now? Now you have, you get into confrontation, right? Or you just let it go. But either way, right? In Spanish, they call that a cover on.

So, so what are you going to do? Right? So when you, when you go into enlightenment, that just means you're going to be putting on light on things that are pitch black and you haven't seen before. And it's not always good. And in this particular reality that we're manifesting right now, the trivial things, that's why I want to do the thing on home economics, can be very good when you become enlightened.

But the big things, the overarching things that government, religion, you know, the mainstream religions, finance and all that, you start enlightening yourself on that, you're going to see it's super, super dark, darker than anything you've seen online. Worse. Yeah.

So that's why years ago I've been telling people, they got some pretty crazy theories on, you know, wild shit on the internet you could look up, but I'll tell you what, reality is 10 times even more wilder than that. That's why it doesn't get out. So.

And that's why, you know, that old advice about it's always dangerous to wake a sleepwalker. I absolutely agree with it, you know, because there's a lot of sleepwalkers. Listen to Robert. 

There's a, there's a channel. No, I call it no thinking a lot. It's new thinking allowed.

He used to be on, uh, what's his name? I forgot his name. He used to have a, uh, back when public access TV in San Francisco, he's a paranormal researcher, a parapsychologist. Uh, anyway, it's called new thinking allowed.

Uh, two months ago you interviewed Robert Temple. Listen to that interview with Robert Temple. Robert Temple is a little bit of a flake, but his information seems to be pretty good about the astral journeys that he goes on and he's told to come back and tell people on earth.

And when you die, you go up to this other place, right? And there's nothing to do there. Right. So, uh, and he's quite surprised and how they show us a lot of the stuff in film, but Robert Temple interview on, uh, no thinking, new thinking allowed new thinking.

The reason I call it no thinking allowed is because he's an academic and he, you know, he props up academia. So academia is no thinking a lot, but it's new thinking allowed. Robert Temple from two months ago, he did another interview about a year ago, but the more recent one is more.

And it's interesting when he starts talking about one of the guides that like used to come down to earth, doesn't anymore because the evil on the earth has reached a point where they have to stay up in the stratosphere because the lizards won't let them come down to the surface like they used to at all. Cause the lizards are running everything. And he cuts soon as he said that he cuts them off and he says, well, that has nothing to do with astral travel.

So we're not going to talk about the reptilians that run this place. Uh, yeah. So anyway, you know how academics can be.

Of course I asked that doctor with the blood pressure, uh, you know, where's the, you know, anyway, you can imagine querying them, you know, so there you go.