We're rated Y, Sonic Event 2, 1, 6. Anyway, Greek, you know, weird weather over here kind of knocked me out for a little while, but I also had a personal fiasco earlier today, but we're not here to tell personal stories. We were just talking about weather, and maybe we should reiterate it, because it's interesting. A lot of people here have taken the webinar, the weather webinar I did.

It was three, three-part. You know, I kind of like saying that I did a three-part, nine-hour webinar a while back, and whoever's new here is like, oh, I missed that. Yeah, you did.

But we might do it again. But there was like 50 people. Wait a minute.

There was 50 people on it. How many people do you think actually went to work on it? Ten. Ten.

I know for sure. Okay. Okay.

Well, that's pretty good. Which is enough to just mess up all the weather in the Western Hemisphere, believe it or not. And to be honest with you, look, one out of five, or yeah, one out of ten even, but one out of five is pretty good for a rate of turnover on people actually taking any webinar and doing something with it.

So I'm just letting you know. I don't know if you're aware of the rate of webinars and stuff like that, but that's a good turnover for something, especially something that's kind of, let's call it unusual. Well, it's really unusual, because you're not supposed to, no one's, like Mark Twain says, everyone's talking about the weather.

When is someone going to do something about it? Because there were people working on it in San Diego while he was still alive. That's another thing you could look into. Weather work was popular in the late 1800s.

I thought it was San Francisco, not San Diego. It was San Diego? There's a statue of a guy who, he used to do it chemically. He used to have these little cans.

He'd light up some mixture on fire, make all these smoke little pockets all over town and rain would come after he did that. It was like sulfur and some other things. There's a memorial somewhere in San Diego attributing his weather work, believe it or not.

Yeah, cloud seeding kind of stuff he was doing, right? Yeah, but it wasn't really high enough to go up. It was just like, imagine opening a can of beans, but instead of a can of beans, it's like sulfur and a bunch of other stuff and setting it on fire, on the ground. So anyway, what I've been learning is that the weather, it's really hot.

I noticed that when I do weather work to cool it down, it made it hotter, like a lot hotter, like 112, right? And instead of 100 or 90, like at the altitude that I'm at at 2,600 feet, 100 degrees is like 85 in New York, right? So it's dry. And if you're under the shade, like even from a twig or a branch of a tree, it feels 10 degrees cooler. So it's not bad.

But this intense heat keeps coming on and I've been looking at the flows. Anyone who was around for the webinar heard me say that it works opposite the physics that we're taught. The colder flows move quickly, where in the physics we're taught, when you chill something down, it slows it down, right? And the hot flows move slowly, right? Colder stuff like that just seems lighter in its appearance to me.

I mean, again, I got, you know, you have different forms of density. The hotter is denser with the ether and the colder is more rarefied. That's why the cold rises with the ether and the heat goes down.

That's what I was saying. That's what I visually observe, is that cold, even though they've always told me it's like heavier and this and that, it's not. It is actually lighter.

No, no, no. There are two types of cold and two types of heat. There are.

But generally speaking, that's what I observe in the air. I'm just saying what I observe. Look, I may not have observed everything.

Well, even without observing, just the knowledge that the higher up you go and up to the colder gets. But in order to make when you chill something, it gets denser. So one is a chemical reaction of cold and heat where heat rises and cold goes down.

Then you have the energetic reaction where the cold rises and the heat goes down. So when you're using that energy is not a good term because people think in terms of when you say energy in terms of power and work, they think like electricity and transference. But that's not.

Yeah, we're talking about the stuff that makes everything right is still making everything right. So, you know how the human body has the 28 elements that you find in soil, like our bodies are made from your mother is pregnant. She doesn't eat what's on the earth.

You know, you're not you don't form. So we're made from all everything is made from the same stuff. And the finer and the less composed it is, just like when you the early mental of periodic table, you know, was constantly being reworked, took him a long time to publish something.

They just publish it because he was wrestling with several gases that are lighter than hydrogen, smaller than atomic number one. Right. Because so just screw it.

Just make hydrogen one as well. It's not one. It's a grouping.

Walter Russell had known that. And if you study what's called an imponderable gas, you'll find a study of imponderable liquids. What that means, like a ponderable liquid means when you put a liquid in a container and it's a well-structured container with a good seal and a lid, you come back any given amount of time and it's still in that container.

Right. But that's a ponderable liquid because you ponder it. You know, you know what it's how it behaves and imponderable liquid.

You would put it in a well-structured container with a good seal lid. You come back the next day or a week later and it's all over the table and you study the container and there's no hole. There's no breach.

There's no corrosion. The seal is still perfectly fine. You're like, how the hell did this thing get out of the container? Right.

It went like right through the container without breaching any of the structure. Right. No.

Yeah. So you can't ponder it. You know, it's like, my gosh, I can't.

I can't ponder that. I mean, you can't accept it. Right.

So there are imponderable liquids. You can read about them. There's less and less online, by the way.

But no one's talking ever about imponderable gases. Now, back in the early 2000s, I mingled with people that worked in aerospace, military, weapons design, energy, all kinds of stuff. And they were really funny.

I'll just give a paraphrase. When they go up to high altitude into space, they said, you know, there's a smell there. That's why I'm Freeman.

About 10 years ago, I was the first person ever to say, you know, space smells like burning flesh. Not like a steak on a grill, you know, that smells good. That sharp fat.

No, no, no, no. It smells like you threw a cat in the fire or human burning. It's very foul, like burning flesh smell.

Right. That's an ugly smell. Yeah.

I mean, because I've been near people that are caught in fires and it's a nasty smell. Yeah. That's what space smells like.

That's why when those ships come down, like that probe from the Navy, they have to hose it down and all that because they think it's the Thorazine, not Thorazine, Thorazine. The Zine, whatever fuels that are super toxic uses rocket fuel like a drop of it can kill 100 people. That's why they also tell people to stay away from it because of radiation.

It's B.S. Yeah. So it's just the smell on it is so bad they have to wash it down. Because think about it.

When they're washing it down, it's falling on the runway. If it was really that toxic, they have to contain all that. But anyway.

Yeah. No kidding. Because that's that's that's the real thing.

So they. So one of the things was when they go, really, they have planes that go into space and vice versa, other than the space shuttle. And if they were serious about space travel, they wouldn't be launching them from the ground, by the way.

They would be launching them from high altitude. Right. But anyway, the stuff they show you is not how it works.

Back in the 80s, I knew people that I was in contact with that were just elevated platforms that hovered at 20,000 feet. But but anyway. Yeah.

What they did is when they go into space or what they call space, they have these containers and they fill them with space gas. But every time they brought Earth, they were empty. And they were plumbed.

Whoa, you're breaking up. Whoa, you're breaking up. You're breaking up real bad.

Oh, yeah. OK. Yeah.

That's because I'm walking near a weather machine. Let me get away. Yeah.

I'm outside. So yeah, it's amazing. You know, it's you can measure these.

They're past totally passive devices. Yet they screw up smartphones. So because, you know, there's like what, 30 billion transistors in a smartphone.

So there's you know, when you get that small, it's sensitive. So anyway, they would try to put space gas and they just couldn't. And they saw the container is not thick enough, you know.

But they did get to the point where they figured out how to capture. And I'll let you know how they did it just to the point, because I just explained imponderable liquids, the same thing with gases. They figured out that if they get an aluminum container like a tank, a gas tank, aluminum and it has honeycomb structure inside of it and you put a lid on it.

But like, you know, when you get a bottle of soda and someone doesn't put the lid on too tight and it spills out right now, whatever you do, don't put the lid on tight. Just get an aluminum container with honeycomb structure inside, you know, pretty much filled the inside of volume of the container. It's all honeycomb structure.

Fine honeycomb has to be honeycomb and a loose cap. You will be able to bring that gas. It will not escape.

But if you compress it, it just escapes and disappears. Yeah. So weird, weird stuff.

Imponderable gases. Another way to make them is with what's called a Joe cell. HHO, hydrogen, hydrogen, hydrogen, oxygen, HHO.

People try to make HHO gas for their car. You need a tremendous amount of electricity to make you to run your car. I've done it.

You don't want to use that. You want to use the gases that are lighter than hydrogen. A Joe cell basically works by charging the water in a certain arrangement.

There's very little online. I've had over eight hour conversations with him about stuff. He doesn't really know how it works, which is fine.

I mean, I make stuff that I don't know how it works, but it works. That way you can you can delve into the Joe cell. You can experiment and get to those imponderable gases.

That's still the imponderable gases are still what make to go back to the ether and all that. It's still part of what makes us makes up our entire reality, including our bodies. So with the weather work, make a long story longer.

I've been discovering that whatever I'm doing here is slowing down the flow. So when you slow down the flow, it warms. It's a warming trend, right? When you quicken the flow, it's a cooling trend.

It's the opposite of what physics is. You know, the chemical physics. So, yeah, the only disadvantage of every time I do work, it destroys Texas because it's downstream.

And Georgia, Florida, and then it goes to Europe. It's because everything goes west to east. So the solution for me would be to go about 100 miles west of Tucson and work there.

So it drops on Tucson. Or I need to invest time and put a rain magnets on the ground. I have to make a map of where I live and go out to the perimeter.

And a few near the center, like maybe five or ten devices, very small devices, the size of a can of soda or can of beer. And place them and they have to be monitored and run every day. So I'm not doing that stuff.

I was just conveniently trying to cool it down here and just making it hotter. I've never seen anything like this before, but I'm able to diagnose it. Yesterday, I did have some success of making a storm, a zero chance of rain and a storm ensued.

But it came very fast and discharged. I didn't get any rain, but a lot of people east of me got rain. And I made a map of the radar map shows everything surrounded where I was, coincidentally, and I was directly in the center, like a donut with an opening on it.

So, yeah, the weather work is excellent because it's something that, it's not even discussed, right? And when you speak to a normie, so you do weather work, you mean you're monitoring the weather, right? You're doing weather monitoring, right? No, no, actually, they can't, it's unfathomable to them. They cannot get it. You're a meteorologist.

Yeah, they cannot understand that you can actually manipulate the weather. There was a guy back in the most recent, well, one that was someone who cannot understand it that actually had success, was a guy that worked out in Corpus Christi, Texas as a helicopter factory. Anybody near there would know that when they make those Apache helicopters and stuff.

He was building a house in Corpus Christi and they were framing the house with wood and all this rain kept coming and it's hard for them to work in the rain. So I said, look, just do this, this and that. That's not where they make the Blackhawks, by the way? I think so, yeah.

Sorry, go ahead. Well, some of the parts. It would be really, for any military, it would be dumb to make everything in one spot.

Well, a lot of them, what they did is they split the business up and they started making things in parts. So you no longer have a factory that just makes a tank. And they're assembled in like a warehouse that's nondescript or underground or whatever.

Oh, right. So you see a bunch of machine parts that go all over the country and then everybody's got to get paid to ship them. This is how you expand a business, by the way.

Also, the largest submarine naval research facility is in the middle of the Nevada desert. Well, right. It's true.

You can drive up, yeah. Submarines sail underneath the desert, underground tunnels. And in Connecticut, in a body of water that has no connection to the ocean, is also another place where they do submarine tests.

So it's just... Yeah, it's all underground. Kind of like the James Bond thing. There was a movie that had an underground submarine parking lot kind of thing.

And this thing is like, you go under that small... Let's just say you have a river, just theoretically, you have a river and then you go underneath the river and there's a place to go under the river. So that's what happens there. Yeah, and people think in Hollywood, when you say under the river, that it's small.

Some of these caverns, you know, when they get up to 900 feet tall, they have their own weather system again. Yeah, city size. Yeah, literally, like in a large city, not small.

Yeah, so anyway, he just screwed a piece of pipe and made a weather gun. And he was like, I can't believe it. It's raining everywhere around me, but it's not raining where they're framing the house.

Yeah, and I said, he called the people. They wouldn't come out to work because they didn't believe it. And they came out and worked, said, hey, look, this guy could stop the rain.

This was about stopping the rain. Didn't really want to get into particulars. He says, look, at this point, if it works, I'll do it.

And it sounds wacky, but I'll do it. And he actually did it. So in other words, brought that up because there is a... Wilhelm Reich talked about the why factor, meaning like you are... And so does... The connections in three directions to make the... Yeah, the person's intent can affect the machinery, right? That's why a lot of times when a technical machine like a phone or a computer or whatever stops working and the operator gets nervous, it's really hard for them to fix it because their energy goes into it.

It's better to call someone else who's not nervous about the device not working. But the why factor is what Wilhelm Reich talked about. And there's a guy, Pond, his name is.

He works on some devices from Keely. These pressure devices with platinum stuff in it. I saw one once.

It's got to be all the input of the operator because I can't see how this thing is doing anything. But with this case, though, the why factor had nothing to do with it. The person's intent or knowledge had nothing to do with it.

He just followed instructions. As a matter of fact, you know, when you build a weather gun, it's on a pivot. You should be able to move it around.

Think of a telescope. He screwed everything in place. I told him where to aim it on the map.

I sent him a map on email. And he screwed everything in place, immovable. Kind of like in France in World War I or so.

Before World War II, the French gave Hitler a tour of their wall, of their guns. What is it? The marginal line. And their guns were fixed in the wall.

So Hitler just went around them, right? So he was fortunate enough that the storms were coming frequently from the same place. He just screwed this gun, basically a tube, in place. It was not movable.

And it still worked. It pretty much had the most basic, basic, basic. So the thing is, when you bring this up, because there's a thing that there's the doubt that does it work or not.

Because no one hears about it. And then there's the other aspect, which is Wilhelm Reich or Pond talks about the Y factor, the intent of the operator or the energy character of the operator. And I've seen where with weather devices, it doesn't matter.

But it does. In other words, if the person is fine-tuned and the device is fine-tuned, there's nothing better, right? That's basically how it works. Also, the people that are most successful with it are the ones that go for low-hanging fruit.

What I mean by that is, you remember how growing up, we read literature and things about how fighter aces from World War I and World War II were idolized, right? Young people don't know what the hell is a fighter ace. You don't hear about that anymore. At all.

It's like rotary phone. So the fighter aces, when one of them was interviewed, more than one actually, the reason they were fighter aces is because when a pack of airplanes showed up, they were able to intuitively and skillfully pick out the least experienced and the most novice and the worst fighter pilot and go after them. The reason they were ace fighter pilots is not because they went against good pilots.

It's because they found out who was not good and shot them down and kept doing that repeatedly. The low-hanging fruit critique. And that's where you can prove the weather work is the easiest.

The low-hanging fruit. If you have a storm coming, you could slice down the middle. You can do that with these devices.

What's complicated is being in the high desert and having a heat wave type of year and drought. When we have droughts here, they last several years. And we're in one right now.

It's come back. So I'm curious about fighting the drought. And as I'm saying that, I set up, I made a change before we got on.

And there's massive clouds forming in less than the time that we've been on. It was pretty much blue sky. Now I'm under cloud cover.

Go figure. That low-hanging fruit thing makes perfect sense though, Greg. Because here's the thing.

It's got multiple benefits. Because every time you go out in a squadron, you come back. And, hey, the new guy didn't come back with us.

Every single time. It's sort of like, who's going to want to be a red shirt on Star Trek? Nobody. So you're going to have trouble recruiting people.

You have to adjust for the fact that you lost people. And you're going to consistently do it. And it was acceptable that the new guy was shot down.

Yeah, it's acceptable. But after a little while, somebody's going to say, hey, you know what? I don't think I want to go up there as the new guy because they never come back. So you demoralize, depopulate, and de-incentivize your enemy just by picking off the low-hanging fruit first every single time.

So that consistent strategy makes more sense than I think people would want to recognize. Well, actually, too, I would disagree. I think the champion, like years ago, the two armies would meet.

Each one would send a champion. And the champions would fight. And the winner would be the winning army.

Oh, yeah, yeah. So I think taking out the champion is the demoralizer. It's a multi-layered thing, though.

Oh, it is. If you can do both, I'm just saying, if you do both of those things, then it's excellent. Because you take away the incentive for the new ones, you take out their best guy.

And it's just like if you ever saw the movie Troy, they send out Achilles, right? Yeah, the champion, yeah. Well, anyway, Achilles killed everybody until Paris hits him with the arrow in the Achilles tendon. It's a secret.

Yeah, his mother held him in Hades and down the river, held him from the ankles. Right, and that's how he was not invincible right there. Anyway, but I'm just saying, if you do both, it creates a very interesting dynamic when these guys have to go home.

Yeah, but imagine, I think there's some people listening, if you don't know what a fighter race is, look it up. They were quite glorified even until the 1970s. Oh yeah, matter of fact, they would have never even bothered to try and make those movies, those Top Gun movies or anything, if they weren't still trying to populate that and popularize it as one of the big things, right? Because that was nothing but military propaganda.

Yeah, Top Gun would be the most contemporary. Yeah, and they just made a sequel not long ago, I don't know if you're aware of that. Anyway.

Yeah, I didn't even bother streaming that. Yeah, well, who would? You know what the story is. So, look, I know you're into the weather thing and all that, but I want to get to just a couple of quick comments before you run out of gas, because I know you're going to probably get disinterested pretty quick here.

No, no, don't say that. Let's just do it anyway. Okay, I'm sorry, maybe I misread it.

Anyways, now look, there was a little bit of a discussion on a previous Sonic about somebody not being a cushy or cushy not liking cannabis or whatever. So, there was a bit of a discussion back and forth, and people wanted to know about your view on that. Oops, I heard a little introduction.

You're breaking up. My connection's not that good. Let me move from where I'm at.

Sorry. There's something about cannabis. Go ahead.

Yeah, cannabis. A discussion broke out about cannabis, and then, simultaneously, people wanted to know what your view was on it, because I find it to be useful. And just a quick note here, you know, the Greek is the only guy I ever heard who is not a pagan, and is not one of these woo-woo people, and is not a witch, that attempted to explain, and you don't see this online anywhere, that, you know, the five-pointed star has a meaning, and the six compartments and all that, and what it actually stands for. 

He actually had that correct. And they used to teach pagan healers, by the way, that everything was made of 27 elements, but that's because one of them is duplicated in the 28 that's scientifically laid out. Anyway, just throwing that in there, that's pieces of those knowledge that never seem to get out there.

Anyway, about cannabis. They basically were going back and forth about how, you know, certain people disapprove of it, and they were talking about it for dreaming. Okay, I'm obviously consolidating this for you, okay, this discussion.

Dreaming. The fact is that it does help people sleep, and it does help them, say, not dream and all that kind of stuff, because, you know, it's useless interface, and people screwing with them, or entities, not necessarily people, but maybe people, screwing with them and all that. So they want to know your view on the use for cannabis to get those entities to stop screwing with you while you're sleeping.

Well, here's the thing. Isoch, Bentov, and a couple of other people have read this, and I've also intuited this intuitively, that nothing is wasted in nature. When you're sleeping, your consciousness is being used somewhere else.

And if you're not dreaming, they're just using you entirely. I think dream time would be something to be looked at. First of all, I have a feeling that dream time, you can have a very long dream, and it's only 30 seconds, right before you wake up, is what you're getting.

Oh yeah, I've had stuff that I think is days long, and then I find out I've only been asleep 10 minutes, you know. Yeah, exactly. So it's just a download that you're getting.

Your consciousness, I would suggest, and I would imply, that is being, when you're asleep, is being used somewhere else, and you have no memory of it, let's just say, there is a, even in the biblical narrative, there is a consciousness after death, after a certain time, called the resurrection, whether you're in a body or not. So that would then pertain to the question, is there a consciousness prior of you being born? Do you remember, I mean, let's say past life memories aside, or even included, what do you remember from before you were born? So one of the most serious things that has not been investigated, and it's discussed to a certain degree technologically under the Donald Marshall stuff, where your memory is given to you. So when your consciousness, what I'm trying to say, one thing that has to be looked at is, how is it possible to so thoroughly wipe memory? So if your consciousness is being used somewhere else, and you don't remember anything at all, and you would call that a slept well without dreaming, what kind of technology is used to block that? That's what I'm curious about, because maybe you don't want to unblock that, right? Well, a Faraday cage can block lots of EMF, so why not? Yeah, Faraday cages and all that, but they can break through that also, because there's a tuning.

Here's the thing, there is a tuning to all shielding devices. It's not discussed, just like the weather manipulation is not discussed, but you can break through any form of shielding if you understand its tuning. You can say frequency, but it's beyond frequency, because there's no frequency at that point, it's longitudinal, right? There's no wave function, but it still has a tuning to it, because there is a function, let's say a frequency.

Frequency means how much per second, or how much per given amount of time. When you eliminate the time factor, that's why when Tesla first started talking about his power, it wasn't volts per amp or watts per, it was volt amps, right? There's no time. When you say per, like miles per hour, right, gallons per hour, volts per amp, you have this time factor.

In order to break through shielding, and I believe that this is the thing, to break through the memory, you have to break through what's called the time or event factor. Event is a better, like there's no time travel, right? Because time is a made up construct, but there is event travel, where you go to past events, future events, this and that. That's more accurate, and the reason why our language, almost every word in our language is an oxymoron, you know that, right? Once you start researching the way our communication, everything is an oxymoron, so we have to start cleaning that up.

Everything is backwards too, like everything is mislabeled, I mean it's like somebody just randomized the whole thing and decided to flip it all upside down. Well, the key to unlock many things is to discover how to break through the memory wipes, is another way, it's called a memory wipe, lack of memory, a memory wipe, because you know, for example, if you were conscious before the now, meaning when you were born, and even when you were born, many people are not conscious, the earliest conscious memories are maybe one, two, three, four years old, so there's a memory wipe or lack of retention, that is the thing, that is the major contention of breakthrough, or breakthrough, let's say, technology or skill to have, is to break through memory wipes and memory blocks. Well, it's not necessarily a problem with the memory, it's a problem with the access to it, and the problem with the access to those earlier memories is that you have, you know, that certain bit of your neurology is still incomplete, so you don't have the recall memory, I think that's fairly solid.

I don't think it's physical, I think it's tuning, it's a tuning issue. Have you ever looked at the neurological development previous to, because if you look at it from a certain standpoint, that time period matches perfectly with the time period where still the blood-brain barrier is incomplete, and you have this difference in the neurological makeup of the babies versus, you know, the toddlers even, the transition. As your size changes, just like anyone does AM radio, as the size of the antenna determines the frequency band, that's still a narrow spectrum.

Oh, you hear thunder? No, I do actually. That's pretty quick, that was a very rapid storm forming, but it's not going over where I am at. It's very subtle, I'm not sure if the recording picked it up, but yeah, I did hear a little thunder there.

Yeah, it's about 15 miles to the east. Shoot, I need it to come over here. Yeah, okay, last thing I want to interject in here is just one thing about this, which was not in the notes or the discussion.

I hear all the time from a lot of these woo-woo people that they've had all kinds of choices previous to the... Yeah, but hold on, again, that argument is an open-ended thing until we really, where's the evidence? And the evidence would be, you know, because contracts can be verbal, right? Right. So if you're being held to a choice, it's a contract, so it could be verbal. Do you remember saying that or emitting such an agreement, you know, from you mentally or whatever? That's the thing, it goes back to memory wipe and memory block.

So if you can't ever open the box, that argument never ends. Well, that's why the MKUltra guys called them memory caps, right? Memory cap, yeah, all that stuff. To me, that's the biggest, what would you say, block? Once we can eliminate the memory cap, the memory block, the memory wipe without time factor, in other words, you can have access to all information from all time, that would be the ultimate answer.

And then you could form your questions properly, because right now all those questions are valid, but they cannot be addressed with these memory blocks. Imagine having a box with something in it and the box cannot be opened and is never opened. That's all philosophical then.

Yeah, it's academic, you can speculate all day as to whether that box is empty or what it contains, it doesn't matter because you can't get into it to actually prove. Yeah, academic is actually a really bad word, by the way, but yeah, I get it. But that was the point of me using it, because it means that it's just about that useless, because if you cannot solve the thing anyway, because you don't know what X means, then there you go, you're out.

X doesn't necessarily solve by not knowing it in that case. What academia is about is all these different ways to dumb you down, is what it is, really. But yeah, so it's a part of the dumb.

If you're putting energy on something that you know cannot be resolved, it's a form of dumbing down. And it's a good way to keep people distracted and wasting their time, which I talk about all the time, and so do you. And ultimately you say that's the meaning of life, so fair enough, I don't argue with you.

Okay, so here's something about the hierarchy, and I'm going to just read the whole thing, which is only a couple sentences, but it needs to be read because I want you to take in the whole thing and they know that their question was asked. I'm new to learning here, so please excuse. I thought Yahweh is the God of Israel, so that is different than biblical Christ? Satan being God of this world, does that factor in? Okay, what they're trying to understand is these different names, and what are they actually talking about, and what is the reality of it? Well, here's the thing.

The Bible is very, very simple, by the way. Just look at the story. We're looking at the story regardless.

Okay, so when you get some information here, check this out. I don't know what it is, whatever body of information. You have to go through what's in the information first, and then decide whether it's fact fiction or whatever.

It's very cohesive. For example, let's use what Jason Breshears talks about. You know, like Yahweh is a desert demon popped out of a burning bush.

First of all, there's no burning bush. It's very clear that Moses is speaking to an angel that's radiating flames, and he's afraid, and the angel then puts a bush between himself and Moses, so Moses is more coherent, but his flames do not burn the bush, so there's no burning bush. Yes, that sounds like a large cicada bug behind you, like a loud bug.

It is. I'm going to go to the other part of the house because cicadas that come out when they're hot. So the burning bush thing right away, when you hear someone say that means they don't know, they haven't read it, or they're going along with what somebody else wrote, you know, that person's going along with what somebody else wrote. 

The other thing is when the conversation does take place about who are you, he says, I am the God of your forefathers, so he was known, but prior, he's not newly introduced in the book of Exodus, like, let's say, Brashear says, he says, I am the God of Abraham and your fathers, and Jacob, and so on and so forth, so he's not new, so again, it didn't come, wasn't entered there. So using that as an example, no stain on Brashear, he puts out some good stuff, but he's terrible with the biblical stuff, in my opinion, and I could back it up, he would never debate me on this because there's no debate. We just go back to the text. 

The name shows up. Now, it doesn't matter if this is written, it was written 20 years ago or a thousand years ago or at the time that it was supposed to be written, let's say, either way, it doesn't matter. The text is very cohesive by bringing up the Yahweh and who the Christ is and all that other stuff. 

The main thing about the Christ stuff is very simple. He's the God of Israel and it's not a geographic Israel, right? You get it? But it happens to be because you can say, if you say the land of the Italians, it's Italian here or whatever, it's close enough. The thing about the Christ, again, it's based on, I knew someone years ago who, when religious arguments would come up, he says, yeah, you believer in Jesus, and they're like, yeah, what religion was Jesus' religion? That shuts people up right away, right? Because it's not Christianity. 

So the thing about that is, again, very, very easy to see that I don't trust having a discussion with anyone regarding, let's say, the New Testament or who the Christ was, because when you bring that figure up, most people think of a guy nailed to a cross wearing a diaper, right? And the three wise men coming, right? So quick dispelling that, when the Christ was born, the wise men, we know it was two or more, not three, it was two or more, it's probably a caravan of 100, the Christ was about two and a half years old when they came to him, right? That's pretty clear in the text, very clear, right? The amount of time it took to The other thing is, we're talking identity now, and when he was born, was given by an astronomical alignment, and that astronomical alignment, if you take it back, would be the year 3 BC, the month of September, the day of 11. That's why they had that big birthday party for him, right? In September 11th. So the other thing is, when he was arrested by the Judaean, notice I didn't say Jewish, Judaean religious authorities, and brought to the puppet king, and then brought to the prefect governor Pontius Pilate, Pontius Pilate says use your law, right? And your law to the Judeans, and there was a retort that says how can we use our law under Caesar? So the law, the Judean capital punishment, is death by stoning, and Deuteronomy 21 says it's a high crime, you're nailed to a tree, and he uses the word son.

So you have three men nailed to an almond tree, because we know there's almond tree references, not olive tree, almond tree references, and the same tree, and the people passed stoning, right? Passed from third to seventh, on and on and on, we know that from the book of numbers, anything hanging from a tree is a curse and to be burned, that's why they cast lots for the clothing, because the people were made aware of the ceremony, right? So it's kind of like, let's say the Chinese took over the U.S., and they do 4th of July here, and the Chinese military that's occupying the U.S. doesn't know anything about it, so it's like you have to explain to them on the fly, what is the 4th of July about? Oh, well, they have hot dogs, hamburgers, and they blow up fireworks. Oh, okay, right? Oh, so blow up the fireworks, okay, we need to have a fire, you know, but what if there's a fire, you know, whatever. So anyway, the Romans were made aware of this, the tree was going to be burned and all that, and so there's no, I cannot, all of, in other words, all I hear online, in books or whatever, it's all false, because it seems like we're not even talking about the same text, so I don't really want to have, when I do biblicals talk, I almost don't want to hear what the other people have to say.

I will talk at you, I'll talk at you, but I won't talk to you, I won't talk with you, speak with you, unless you can prove that you know what I just mentioned, and, which comes from the text. I have no belief in this, I just happen to know the text, and that's all we have. It's like, I don't bother, you mentioned Italians before, I don't bother to speak to people unless they understand that Italy's a construct, actually, and you're talking about Sardinia, Sicily, and Rome all being cobbled together.

If you don't know that, we're not talking about the same thing. Yeah, well, it's actually a model, it's a similar thing that's happening here, you know, the 50 states here are all 50 nations, independent, they each have their state constitution, you have the powers of the state, and all that. The only thing was, you know, they put Mussolini in power, they're like, you know, what are you going to do for, if we put you in power, you got to do us a favor and make the Vatican, it's a state, you know, it's an independent state, right? Yeah.

And that's what he did, so that's why they put him in power, he was the only one that was going for it, because he basically denationalized the group that he was that he came from by doing that. But anyway, it's another discussion, I don't know much about it, but I thought that was really funny how Mussolini declared the Vatican an independent city-state, so. Yeah, it's because it was the central bank essentially, and it needed to be, yeah, I know, but that's the They run everything through there, yeah.

So people don't understand that part of that history, so it's like, when they start talking about Italy, I'm like, oh God, you know nothing. The Italian language was even... Well, the Italian, I mean, you can go from one state in Italy, one country in Italy, because it's all these little countries put together, and there's animosity between others. An example would be Spain and Catalonia.

Catalonia in Spain is an example of what's happening in Italy, really. And you have the Swiss, you know, the Italians near the Swiss border are radically different than the ones in central about, and then radically, Sicilians might as well be Greeks, so. Well, there you go, and that's where my people come from, and that's what I'm saying.

It's a different situation. It was a different language, too. They actually unified the languages through the military.

Anyway, but that's my point. Yeah, they made some kind of Latin revision and all that, yes. Yeah, and they did that by saying, okay, we're going to put a Sicilian, a Sardinian, and a Roman together.

Here you go. You guys each get to speak this new language, which is Italian, which is part of each of your three languages, and that's how they cobbled it together. I'm just saying.

Yeah. You got Torino, Bologna, Bolognese. Yeah, they all have distinct... Actually, it's proven.

They also have distinct bloodlines, by the way. Yeah, I know. They're not even related in terms of DNA or whatever genetics.

They're a bit more intermingled now, but... Yeah, after World War I, yeah. Yeah, after World War I, but starting in about the 1800s, so it's not this... Italy's an ancient country. No, it's not an ancient country.

It didn't exist a long time. The Roman Empire existed here and there, but not... Well, yeah, Libya was a colony of Rome up until 52, was it? And Germany. Germany was owned by Italy, basically, by Rome, and not only that, but... Yeah, they had the Hungarian Empire and all that, yeah.

The entire road structure in what they call Great Britain, right, in England, the entire road structure is based on the Roman engineers who set it up. Oh, yeah, the Roman miles and the way the roads are laid out, yeah. Exactly, exactly.

So, anyway, look, I didn't mean to go too far... Well, that came from Greek technology, which was tied in with Egyptian technology. Yes, because that's what the Romans did. They picked up on all the... But my point is that people that don't know this history think that it's this other thing.

Anyway, I understand what you're saying. Oh, we got off on that, but, again, memory block is a big deal. That's the main thing.

That's why I check up on Donald Marshall's stuff, because he's able to Again, I just read what's being said about it. There's quite a body of work that he's put out where your consciousness can be snatched using technology, basically, and I believe it. But one of the keys to understanding the technology is you cannot factor time in it.

It can't be something per something else. Like the concept of decibels is independent of time, right? An old term is measuring things by decibels, which was Nieper's. And if you have any encyclopedias from pre-1920, dig in and look up pressure, pre-1920, electrical pressure and all that stuff, you'll be like, oh, my gosh, what happened to all this engineering? If we would have just continued applying the stuff that was discovered up until the 1920s, man, we would really be, you know, let's say, advanced at this point.

Half the stuff we discuss here would not even be advanced at this point. It would be normal. So something happened around the 1920s...