Ah, Rated Y, Sonic Advent 2-3-3, anyway, what it be, Greek, how are you? Hey, that was quiet, I usually hear the bumper or whatever they call it, I'm doing alright. Let's go for it. You gave me a link by the way, Alive Water in Canada, those guys have been around for a long time, I remember seeing them even before the Spring 2.0 days, and vortexing water in a copper pipe doesn't really do that much.

It does, it's better than not, otherwise I would have gone that route, I've tried it. It's marginally small improvement, yeah, but yeah, there's a lot of stuff, I'm even with potential clients now, they ask me, so what's the best water structuring or water whatever device? I'm like, the best? I don't know, but this is what I can do, and this is, you know, and no exaggeration, and if you feel like, you know, you really want to know, you have to try it. It's like, you know, you ever ask someone what they thought of that movie, you know, and then you go see the movie yourself, and it's like, it wasn't like that at all, right? So, I tell people, go buy them all, buy everything, just do it all, I mean, but yeah, we have no competition.

What I want us to throw out is, you guys, I put enough, you go to waterhelix.com and see what the scalerator looks like, you know, it doesn't, you don't need a, if you go shopping, you don't need a $30,000 Hermes bag to put your groceries in, as a matter of fact, they give you cheap ones for free, and now you got to pay 11 cents or whatever for some places, and bring your own bag, so the way you bring your own scalerator is just go to thewaterhelix.com, and of course, you're not going to be able to bend pipe like that, I know it sounds sarcastic, but no, you're not, you can try. Well, you didn't say lay in pipe, you said bending pipe, so, you know, I guess, maybe it's the same thing? Yeah, well, here's the thing, they're not going to be able to make the device, but what you can do is imitate everything that's going on, you just use a bunch of 45s, you just go to the hardware store, and you spend, you're going to need at least 8 to 10 45s, maybe 12, and for one inch, they're going to cost you like 10 bucks each, and figure another, so 200 bucks with the magnet, and you could just start bending them around on a Sunday, get a heat gun in case you got to move things a little bit, because when you're working with plastic, it's going to be able to warm it up, and you could actually mimic that, you can even mimic it with just putting the 45s at 10 o'clock, 1 o'clock, 8 o'clock, and 4 o'clock, and using T's on the end with two magnets, I mean, there's so many ways to mimic the scalarator geometrically, pretty close, it won't be on, you'll get 90% if you lay everything flat and centered, and try it, so yeah, you just got a bunch of squirrel noise back there, you wire or something? Yeah, yeah, I just moved something, because it seemed to be wrong, so I just moved it, sorry about that, didn't mean to make noise. Oh, that's fine, that's fine, but people ask me all the time, like, what should I read, right? What do I say? Read everything, try everything, you got to read the shitty books too, because you got to know what a shitty book is, if you only read the good books, you wouldn't know what a bad book was, right, so what is it, I can't read everything, yes you can, just read what comes across you, whatever the echo puts in front of you, right, ECCO, Earth Coincidence Control Office, it's God's field office, right, you want to be simple, they control the long term, you control the short term, when they say, when you figure out how they do the long term, then you never have to come back here anymore, so, but you can play with these guys, in other words, it's, what's that movie, guys used to wear fedora hats and they controlled this guy playing the senator, running for the senator, Matt Damon, the Adjustment Bureau, the Adjustment Bureau was totally on the ECCO, not as overt, because it wouldn't, if you really, I guess, you can't interact with the ECCO, maybe they do, I don't know, whatever.

Well most people did in that movie either, right, it was just because that was what was special about the main character, is that he knew what was going on, he tried to fight it. Yeah, and they went interviewing him, remember they had another case back when, and yeah, but you got to do everything, but you got to do it in the way that it's put in front of you, remember it's the journey, not getting there, right, I never understood. Some people do search for stuff though, like we do have somebody asking again about, you know, do you have a suggested, because I can't find the literature, I can't find a book, this person says, so you know, but go ahead, yeah, go ahead.

Well everything works on, the entire ethereal, anything alive, anything in weather, anything that was so-called ether, right, the primary force, it's not even a force, it's a substrate, is all by induction, there's no material exchange other than what we see directly called material exchange, but most of the things that we think are material exchanges, they even got everyone, well not everyone, but yeah, I'd say statistically everyone, 90% of the people convinced that they're actually electrons moving down a wire, most idiotic thing, you know, I've told you about my experiment with cutting the wire with a dustpan and a microscope and I cut the live wire waiting for the electrons to fall on the floor so I could scoop them up and look under a microscope, yeah, that sounds ridiculous, right, but that's how ridiculous they are and they got these websites like Veritasium and some other moron with physics, whatever, like 10 million subscribers, millions, I mean it's like just hopeless, that's why I'm like, you know, you got more than a few thousand people listening to you, you're tickling them, because people are idiots, this is just the way that it is, sorry, I mean I might be the only one speaking, using these words, not strictly in medical terms, but when I say idiot, I mean in the medical, it's a medical term, they don't like to use it anymore, and look, I was having a discussion, someone says a businessman, I said really, what do you do when you get a bill of exchange or like a bill, oh, I write a check and pay it, I said you're not much of a businessman, are you, you mean pay for it twice, you ever go to Starbucks, you know how they order, you order the coffee, they put your name on the cup, you pay for it then, and what would you do if your coffee's ready, you gotta pay for it again, and then you gotta pay for it again when you walk out the door, and plus they send you a bill at home, would you do that, no, pay for it four times, no, and why are you doing the electric company and the gas company and the car, no, and the house, it's paid for three, four times over, and I never heard of that, maybe I should look into it, I said yeah, you've been on this planet for more than a month, you know, anyone that, well, anyone that's known me since 2002, I'm saying, you know, you sign your name on a piece of paper, I get fully monetized, remember, I used to be on Revolution Radio, and I said, you know, when you guys fill out applications and all that, you know, that's the full monetization plus everything, and I've been telling people this for 20 years, and it wasn't until recently Brandon Joe Williams, you know, made Fun and Simple and Discovering Mansa, and through Brandon Joe and a couple of us said, oh, look at these young guys, finally, because when I got into it, it was, oh, you stand up, my left leg again, I gotta take a hot bath after this, Herb Crawford and Roger Elvick, Rice McLeod, these people were doing since the 80s and 90s, they were buying in the Midwest with a draft, just, you know, it looks like a check, it's just a draft, you know, you just go buy something that looks like a check, they were buying tire companies and stuff in the Midwest and all these big things, and the FBI would come back and say, oh, that's a fraudulent instrument, oh, it's all right, you say it's fraudulent, give it back to me, and they get a copy, and it says received by the bank, so just writing a few things on a piece of paper, the bank uses it, man, there's no such thing as a bad check unless you agree to it, if you, you go into shops and it says bad check, attorney general's message, attorney general, whatever, says bad check writers will be prosecuted, yeah, they're gonna also prosecute you for stealing rocks from the moon, you'll probably, they'll probably be able to get more evidence on you for stealing rocks from the moon, evidentiary, let's say stuff, case, than writing a bad check, you cannot, it's impossible to write a bad check, now, you don't know what's going on and they tell you their funds weren't there to cover it, and you agree to it, you wouldn't know better, by the way, if you write a check for someone and you come back later on and you see, let's say, $100 check, right, and they took $100 out of your checking account, that's 100% banking fees you paid, there's no reason for that, the person who you sent the check to when they endorsed the back of it, that bank that he did that with produced $100 from that signature, the two signatures, they see if there's signature front and back, and then they told the other person's bank, hey, we did that thing, you better take $100 out of it because we're keeping this show, this game going, and when they do that, when you pay 100% banking fees, anyone who's ever written a check or done a debit thing, that's 100% banking fees, so I was proposing with a bank, listen, I'd be happy with 10% banking fees, and when I explained to them what they were doing, they thought I was crazy, because how long have you been working in a bank, 22 years, never heard of this, and I showed them, this is how it works, that's like going to a car mechanic for 22 years and he doesn't know what a steering wheel is, right, I said, look, I write a check to someone for $100, take $10 out of my account, 10%, if I write $1,000, take $100, not the full amount, that's all banking fees, because the amount is created on the other end, wholly, and completely, right, so one proposal is when people figure this out, why are you doing any kind of checking with 100% banking fees, everyone needs to just possibly stop for a few days, write a letter, just call the bank, why are you charging me, there's 100 million, I don't know, 50 million people, for three days, just say, hey, bank, I have a checking account with you, why are you charging me 100% banking, explain it, it's a negotiable instrument, if it says pay or order to pay or promise to pay, the funds are generated from the instrument itself, it's just bookkeeping, the other thing I suggest to people is if you get a bill and you don't know how to handle it, right, you don't owe the money, it's all, you know what it says, it says the account is due, does it ever say you owe, occasionally you'll see that, because they're dumbing it down, because you know, your average, I was going to say, sometimes you might see a you owe this amount, yeah, just saying, go ahead, right, because that's like going to the coloring book section, I got a four-year-old, what, you know, I got a five or I got a seven-year-old, what should I, what kind of book should I get them, oh, and by the way, I'm doing some financial business, it's in the same category, seven-year-old, right, your average college professor is operating on six to seven, what is that, third, fourth grade, your average college professor, doctor, lawyer, they're third or fourth grade, they're wordsmiths and all that, but it's all about accounting, so they don't know what to do with this, like for example, let's say you get a bill of exchange and you don't know how to properly negotiate it or perform on it, just write up a bill for the same amount and send it to whoever sent you the bill and watch what happens, it's all about accounting, really, because it's, right, because now your accounting, you see what I mean, balances their accounting, well, yeah, right, if you each owe each other, let's say a hundred dollars, I owe you a hundred dollars, you owe me a hundred dollars, there's no reason to change anything, yeah, right, and the easiest thing to say, so let's say you get a bill for $1,750 or whatever, this is just from your typical scumbag utility company or whatever, you just send them a bill, you acknowledge that you got their bill for $1,750 and you're sending them a bill for $1,751 or you can make it a dollar more, because it doesn't matter, it has to be more than a dollar more to matter a difference, right, to create a debt, right, so $1,751 is still even and you say the reason for sending you the bill is for, it's a processing fee for processing the $1,750 bill they sent you, it's called a processing fee, you've seen that before, of course, it's all accounting, there's nothing being exchanged here, guys, the banks are the borrowers, 12 USC, 1431, very clear there, they're the borrowers and everything's backwards, right, it's like satan is your god, right, and everything's backwards, you know, so yeah, the devil is actually the one that you think, right, so it's all bad, that's what these religious things are telling you, the whole world is backwards, if you read, I think it's Isaiah 28 somewhere, it tells you they inverted everything, everything's inverted, but the easiest logic for sending a bill is telling, please, this is for accounting purposes only, I'm sending you a bill for $1,750 as you requested, after receiving your bill for $1,750 and the $1,750 is for processing that $1,750 processing fee, please apply this to your records and when you do, we'll consider this to be a zero balance, if you have any questions, please contact me no later than seven days, that's it and it's like, holy crap, man, this is so simple, it's all accounting, now, of course, it's not going to go very smoothly, but you've satisfied everything legally, right, completely according to the banking rules, which nobody knows, just like, show me a medical doctor that knows, knows functionally that the heart is not a pump, it's actually a breaking mechanism or what cancer really is or here's a good one, if you know one of these medical morons, ask him, what's the organ for the immune system you guys are always touting, I think that story might be worth repeating, with the one day, you know, where everyone was supposed to mask up and I would, I wouldn't wear a mask and then they'd say, hold on, hold on, you got to come in with a message, I don't have an immune system, so I can't wear a mask and they'd be like, oh, oh, you don't, okay, well, hold on, then, then the manager would come out, okay, where did you want to buy today, he walked, he says, wait till this aisle clears, are you done here, sir, please move out, okay, go ahead, what did you want to get, and carried my stuff, brought me to the register, opened up the register, you know, brought me to an empty closed register, opened it up, right, yeah, yeah, chauffeur, I said, man, this is great, this is like private shopping, yeah, right, and I could have, yeah, I could have taken a thousand lie detector tests and the most sophisticated lie detector test equipment and I would pass every single one, you know why, because I know for sure there is no such thing as an immune system, so no mask plus concierge service, huh, yeah, and for people are hearing this for the first time, ask the medical morons, what's the organ for the immune system, very good, there isn't one, thank you, I knew you'd know that right away, all right, what's the function of the immune system, what's the function, well, you see, there are antibodies and nodes, I was talking, they're taken away and took it out of the body, oh, so it's removed from the body, so it's the elimination system, yes, I have an elimination system, as a matter of fact, a lot of people ask you, you know, did you eliminate today, that's a very polite way to say, did you take a shit, right, yes, I do have that, I do take a shit, yes, so, yes, yeah, even with their strange explanation about these antibodies, which come out of nowhere, you know, because induction, they're not immune, it's eliminative, eventually it gets to, this stuff has to be eliminated out of the body anyway, even their long, stupid, crazy explanation, eventually you're eliminating something, right, it's all about the elimination system, and I will swear on a stack of Bibles, like they say that, yes, I do have an elimination system, I do, and it's fully functional, right, but I do not have an immune system, I'll take the most sophisticated lie detector test, retina scans, whatever, and you will see that I am telling the truth, and this is a fucked up, ridiculously stupid place, this planet, so have fun, have fun while you're at it, really try to have fun, speaking of this, but you're not, but here's the thing, if you're operating like they are, sorry, if you're operating like they are, you're not going to have fun, no, so you got to be smart about it, but anyway, go ahead, I'm having trouble adapting to doing the things, I'm getting the concept now, it's taken me a while on what you just discussed, I'm getting the concept, but executing is yet another step, and I'm trying to, I'm working on it, I tell you I'm working on it, because that's why we do this, well, yeah, anyway, depends on what it is, with a capital T, it could be a hard one, but we talk about, if you notice, like sometimes, like I'll have an argument with someone about something really trivial, like how to open a jar when it's too tight, for example, and I show them a method, and they're like, you know, this has nothing to do, I'm being aggressive, because it has nothing to do with opening a jar, it has to do with the approach, it could be a jar, it could be something else, it's what approach do you have, most people do what they do, I'd say most women that I've seen through my life, 90% of them, 90% of what they do, they learn, guess where, on television, from watching television, so yeah. And yeah, the amazing thing about the jar, again, it's like Sun Tzu was not an idiot, you know, the whole thing about you win the war before you ever go into the battle, it's kind of right there, it's just metaphoric, anyway, and we could get into Sun Tzu at some point, but not today. Greek said the next thing coming is going to be cleansing, of which you can't compare to any other times, okay, biblically speaking, this era began with the Assyrians wiping out all of the neighboring tribes, so if the circle continues, well, I'm just reading what it says, if the circle continues, that's what should happen at the end, severe wiping out of humanity, but wouldn't that have happened anyways, with the earth shift and cataclysms? Yeah, yeah, I think so, I'm leaning, see, I'm evidence-based, right, evidence-based, if that, whatever that means, right, to you, or what the term means, which is forensics, forensics means evidence, I think, if you look up that word, right, so the chronology that Jason Breshears puts out on archaics, I think, is Trump's, a lot of the stuff that I've talked about prophetically, on the minutiae and movements, on the, most people think I'd never say this, right, but I'm just, you know, we're here to learn, on when things will happen, and even how they're going to happen cosmically, because the Bible is like Swiss cheese, and I'm the kind of person that, when I see Swiss cheese, I'm like, I don't want to buy it, because unless they could give me all the stuff to fill in the holes, right, where's the, if you can get the, I'll buy the Swiss cheese, if you can give me the rest of the cheese, fill in those holes for me, right, then I'll take it, right, so the biblical text has been severely messed with, I predominantly go to it for law, because guess what, right, pretty much all laws are based on it, like it or not, know it or not, right, and like regulation Z, the three-day right of refusal, by the way, where does that come from, right, all these things that you'll find in business, and there's business, and there's busyness, there's two different things, but I would say prophetically, I'd say, I think the phoenix is right on, I think still the, and the other two things to be seen, and it looks like the chronology does line up, I would say that a Middle East union is still in favor, actually, believe it or not, I did see something about a week ago that Egypt is now collectively trying to create a Middle East NATO to unite nations as a protective front against Israeli aggression, yes, isn't that interesting, it is, so let's see how that, man, I said 2025 would be the point for that, so I'm more relaxed about all that stuff, but, and all the stuff that I've put forward is pretty accurate, excuse me, pretty accurate based on what's in the text itself, it's very clear, it only has to say it once, like Assyria will rise up in the end, right, it's only, it's only listed once in the Psalms, and that's enough, you don't have to, you know, people, what is the mind-control thing, Chuck, they keep repeating it, like TV, right, and all, repeating, repeating, Osama bin Laden, Osama bin Laden, COVID, COVID, COVID, repetition causes people to believe that a statement is more true even without any supporting evidence, there's a theorem to that, but yes. 

Yeah, yeah, there is, but then you have, so that would be something that is not true, meaning non-existent, not important, then you have someone falling off of a cruise ship, and they're saying, help, I'm drowning, what did he say, that's too short, can you repeat that please, right, you know, so you just got to say some things once, right, so, and that's what I've been picking up on it, and have picked up on it, but yeah, I would say human carnage is definitely on the front, financial ups and downs on the front, like you've never seen before, because remember, there's no more money, guys, it's all credit, so all they can do is make stuff hyperinflation, or prevent you from getting credit, by the way, whenever you're denied for anything, they've gotten the full amount paid already, so Henry Ford was right, if the people found out how the money system worked, he was talking about applications also, yeah, there would be a revolution, I don't think there should be a revolution, because the people are too dumb to even go read the constitution, which supports everything, you don't need anything more, you know, it's like someone walking around with a Swiss army knife in their pocket, or one of the deluxe models, and like they say, do you have a knife, do you have a toothpick, do you have a scissor, do you have a file, you got it all in there, have you ever looked? Well, that's what I find most frustrating about all this, is that it does seem as though we're going to come to a point where, yeah, war is inevitable, and sure, civil war is coming, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, we're hearing that a lot lately, but here's the thing, not over anything that actually counts, it's going to be all over BS, and that's what the problem is. Well, it's a sport, nobody really wants to go to war, nobody ever, ever wanted to go to war, it's a sport, how many people get excited about what are the NBA playoffs, and the stupid bowl, and the World Series, that's how you get people excited about war. It's people who chose to go on the field of battle, who chose to have an opponent, who selected one, and then put on a uniform voluntarily, this is literally what's happening, and, and, yeah, so this is not a metaphor, no, of course not, that's why sports, that's, that's why there was always sports, and that's why, remember, whenever there was guerrilla warfare through history, it was frowned upon, because all the soldiers, the infantry had to line up, you know, a certain way on both sides, and then start the fight, right, so like the Parthians, and you know, the American, the Revolutionary War was all taking pop shots, guerrilla warfare, right, hiding, and yeah, they weren't used to that, there was no training for that, so that's bad sportsmanship, that's like, imagine the Super Bowls going on, and somebody, let's say, with a couple of drones, drops 50 footballs on the field while the Super Bowl's going on, right, and play, all of a sudden, all these footballs fall everywhere, and they're like, whoa, whoa, which one, what, right, so that's guerrilla warfare, just mess them up like that.

Anyway, yeah, not much of an answer for that one, but I'm glad, glad for the comments, always glad to hear that people are thinking about stuff. What else you got? They are, well, this one almost sounds redundant with what you just said, but let's try it anyway. Also, if there's a new financial system coming out, and if this is the seventh cycle, do you think new lawful money is being introduced to replace the old? Okay, that's what I thought you would say, but no, it's not a new financial system at all, it's still going to be based on the Federal Reserve Act, and if you read the 16th Amendment, by the way, it prefaces that it's not introducing anything new, so that's why there's people that don't study, cry about the 16th Amendment, and you know, with the IRS and the Federal Reserve and all that, but if you read it, it basically says this doesn't bring anything new, in other words, whatever's in this amendment's already been going on, it's like an acknowledgement, so it's a moot point, no, it's all credit, and the main thing is that you never find out that it's all based on securities, just forget about credit, forget about money, forget about currency, look up securities, what are securities? It'll tell you it's checks, drafts, promissory notes, orders to pay, bills, coupons, blah, blah, blah, anything that you could possibly, stamps are securities, everything that you call money, currency, or whatever, anything that has a bill notation on it, anything that says pay, or a number with a cent, was it a cent stamp, or a dollar sign on it, is a security, it's all about securities, and the main thing is that you never find out how they work, that's what the new system is, it's just another distraction, there's no such thing as a new system. 

So that tackles, just to let everybody know, that tackles all your CBDC questions, that tackles the other new system questions, I'm just clearing them out of the way here, because you already answered it. You can do an injunction on all that stuff, learn what injunctions are, you know, I was going to look up, let's, you know, since I have the laptop, go ahead and, let's see how well I can multitask, how well I can answer the next one, or discuss the next one, while I'm looking up driver's license injunction. There's a guy who did the first one that hit the media, right? Right. 

Let's see, so go, yeah. Yeah, no, absolutely, I'll move on, but I'm just clearing away first all of this stuff that needs to be cleared away, because it was already just answered. There is a weird short question here, Greek in the spirit of the best food, clothing, and shelter, yes, okay, I got that right. 

Is renting a place to call home lawful? I feel like having my name on a deed won't necessarily make life better, but open to hearing info on this, like, what are your thoughts of renting versus owning? I like, well, right now I'm in an owning situation, but renting, it could go either way, depending, see, if you rent and something breaks, you're not compelled to fix it. You're not compelled to fix it if you own either, but you have to suffer the costs, let's say, right, and time and all that. I know stuff, people that rent and something breaks, and they never get it fixed, right? You've heard, you know, slumlords or whatever, they never get to it or whatever. 

I'm renting, and I'm having mixed results with that myself, personally, because some things have been fixed right away, and other things, eh, not so, you know, maybe not, depends. Anyway, it's a mixed bag situation for me, but the lawful, I think what they're looking for is, they're personally, are they lawfully okay, like, is that acceptable to be a renter, is the idea, I guess, yeah. Depends if you're competent, yeah, of course, I think it's lawful. 

I think the Rechabites in Jeremiah, they never lived in houses and never drank wine. They lived in tents, food, clothing, shelter. Yeah, well, the thing about having a deed, you can develop equity as long as you buy low, sell high. 

Remember, if you go apply for, go apply for a house, expect to be denied, and then say, that's fine if you deny me because you don't like my shoe size or whatever, my breath stinks or whatever. Just that application, which has the full price of the house plus all the interest and everything, just apply that towards the account, because when you apply for a house, you're actually opening an account with that company. It's an account number on it, right? Just say you want to maintain the account, and you already have a collateral in there, and just start building up your case. 

And yeah, or you can find a banker, like the kind that have a little office hole in the wall, a couple of guys started a bank, right, and it's possible to find that and say, listen, I'm going to come and apply, and I expect to be rejected, denied, and then I'm going to come back and apply again in a month, but this time, I want 76% of that application to go towards the account, right, because you do a 24-76 split, and then I'm going to sign a purchase order agreement, and I want 76% of that to go towards the account. You guys keep 24%, and then I'll sign a promissory note. So now you've just created four times the value of the house, and you're getting 76% of each one, so four times 76% is way over 100, so you're good. 

Any extra money to tell them, yeah, I want to invest it in your company, and let's settle the account and transfer all the necessary titles and deeds. See what they say. Try it. 

You don't have to go. Everyone online is fighting everyone. You got to sue them. 

Well, just go and find a banker. Hey, look, you know, you don't, you know, it's just, you want to play? This is, you're the borrower. The banker is the borrower. 

12 USC, 1431. Not you. And the same amount at 76% by four means that you've got 304%, right, of the original price if you consistently negotiated for 76% of it each time, right? And they got 96%. 

Yeah. There you go. Okay. 

Because remember, you're going to do a split on each one. So yeah, yeah, I can, now I just gave you the short, the short form, the outline on how to work with banks properly. Now that's funny. 

I will say, I did, I went, I did this, like I said, that's what you're saying is illegal. Greek, a banker told me, right? So I'm like, would you be able to put that writing that it's illegal? I'll be glad to consider it. If you put it in writing, show me how it's illegal when you're the borrower. 

I've never heard of you're the borrower. I don't care about the law. He caught himself, caught himself. 

You know what it's like to imagine? Could you imagine you have a guy in a suit with a, that's a banker and you have the, the nightly news there. And he says, I don't care about the law. Do you, how good would that be for his business? Not so good. 

Yeah. Yeah. On the topic of cheese, so you didn't bring up cheese earlier. 

On the topic of cheese, I have heard that the majority of rent it used today as GMO from Pfizer. Is that true? Does the Greek have a recommendation? Sorry. Yeah. 

Rent list would be the best cheese, but the rent is just a cow. It's, it's not really proper cheese. It's forced cheese. 

And they've done that for a long time. Rent list cheese, or, you know, cheese with a natural, a non rent culture. It's taken from the cow's stomach. 

I don't think that's really a good cultured cheese, but yeah. Good. Continue with that. 

Yeah. Yeah. So is that true about Pfizer? They ask, I'm not certain about that myself, but it wouldn't surprise me. 

Yeah. Yeah. The thing about GMO is very simple.

These people are idiots. So how are they going to do GMO? Right. Everything comes from cabbage, all your green vegetables, whether it's lettuce, broccoli, kale, whatever. 

It all came from cabbage because of seed manipulation. Chihuahuas are GMO because there's no such thing as a Chihuahua. It was bred down certain dogs. 

But there's a distinction. Of course. Yeah. 

But there's a distinction. The apple head. Between. 

Oh yeah. The apple head versus the deer head or whatever they call it. But the thing is there, there's a distinction, I think though, between breeding something and manipulating the gene, the genome that way. 

And literally. That's the thing. I think how are they, how are they going to manipulate? Okay. 

Here's the thing people let's, let's liven up, listen up and liven up and sit up when these morons are playing around with cells and all that stuff. Do they know how to keep it alive? And you know, when you break a cell wall, how damaging that is, do you think the cell is going to have virility to continue? It has to be regrown and regrown. Yeah. 

Yeah. Over and over and over their success rate with what they got you thinking that they could manipulate all this stuff is so low that it almost doesn't exist. What they're doing is mixing some crazy horrific, like Frankenstein stuff using 200 year old technology, right? The technology hasn't changed. 

Well, yeah, they have led lighting and cell phones. Okay. But the concept even of cloning is very simple. 

There's you don't need any fancy technology. You just have to accommodate what it takes to grow a clone of a human, right? So like, for example, they got away from glass, stiff glass containers, because as the clone is growing, and it gets it flinches a leg, it could break the leg. So then you put grow them in plastic, soft plastic bags.

But the, the genetic engineering, like, for example, they're finding stuff in nature, like, that that meat substitute stuff, there's certain algae that produces something very close to hemoglobin. So they're making like a vegetarian blood to put in stuff. So you think you're eating beef, and you shouldn't be eating that anyway. 

You can do selective breeding, and gene manipulation, but these morons doing getting down and doing what they're saying. Oh, for some reason, you disappeared there. Let me see what's going on. 

Because I don't know if you dropped off or muted yourself. Let's see. Well, you're still there. 

But you you're not making noise. So after an interruption there, where we're quite frankly, look, I lost internet first, then power went out. So you know, what can you say for where I live? But anyway, little weird confusion there. 

I've been hearing tales of odd behaving electronics lately. But that's not what we were talking about. We were talking about cheese when we were interrupted. 

And yeah, that's right. I remember. Yeah. 

Yeah. So that's where we were. And I had only given you a part of the question. 

So anyway, just as a refresher, just just just to fill in, Chuck, hold on. When was this today? That was four or five days ago. So we're going to basically catch up from a few.

Yeah, yes. I know. I just gave it away. 

But yeah, no problem. I didn't know if you wanted to. So I didn't do it, but you did it. 

So cool. Whatever. That's fine. 

Just however, however, the recording is, however, the recording is, it ends up that way, right? Trying to take this with good humor. Anyways. All right. 

So the question was that when we were interrupted, does the Greek have a recommendation for cheese that's easier on the gut? I get a raw milk cheese from Switzerland that specifically states it has a non GMO rennet goes down, you know, while most of the crap in the U.S. gives me issues, I believe the non pasteurized goes down easier with enzymes that benefit digestion that I would be cooked off that would be cooked off in the standard process. There's the whole question, finally. So, yeah, cheese. 

Yeah. Vandy posted some Michio Kushi stuff. I put it on and peruse Filo Kushi or just put in Michio Kushi. 

His son has a channel. And it was interesting. He was speaking like eggs, cheese, chicken.

Um, why chicken? Because it's usually poultry. Turkey will probably do the same. So eggs, bird, poultry, meat and cheese generally contract. 

The center part of the body is very contracting, compacting, and you're going to feel a tightness and all that. Now, you know, all American food has been poisoned since the 70s. I remember back in the early 70s, having a McDonald's burger and it was actually delicious. 

Right. And it's it's I don't think it's edible now. But all American food, unless you have good sources and vetted sources, vetted, meaning it's not just a label. 

You know, it says it's good. You know, it's good as a reputation for being good. And it is good. 

Right. You have to really work hard. That's why food, clothing, shelter, right, are the three main things. 

If you could figure that out, that's a whole life. Life's worth of work. But cheese, in essence, if you're sensitive to it, you're sensitive to those types of foods. 

So I wonder, let's just leave it at that. You know, let's say a retort or a question back would be, are you also sensitive to eating poultry, which would be chicken, turkey, which is the most common. We don't have to get into exotic birds.

And eggs. Right. If you're sensitive to that, then it lines up with the concept of it contracting, which, by the way, Michio got into when you eat that kind of food, cheese, poultry and eggs, it leads to, quote unquote, diagnosis for diabetes, which is he didn't know that diabetes and AIDS were fake diseases. 

Right. But it harms the liver. So my question back would be, it's not the food so much as it is the quality of the food and not just the quality of preparation and handling and, you know, top tier quality as we consider it. 

But what does the food actually do in the body? Right. A simple one would be like sugars, typically very highly refined sugars make people whimsy. Right. 

Like lightheaded sugar rush kind of you've heard of the great Milky Way Snickers bar or whatever. Oh, yeah. And that's the quality of that. 

They got a whole thing with the Snickers where it's like, look, you want to change your day, actually eat a Snickers. Right. Yeah, no doubt. 

Yeah, you definitely will. That's for sure. It will change it. 

Now, will it make it better? There's another question. That's a different question. Well, well, also in the 70s, candy bars were delicious. 

Yes. Now, candy bars are just sweet. You don't taste anything else but the sweet. 

Right. So now an objective observer, though, might ask, is this something that is just attached to your changes or has the food actually changed or is it a bit of both? Because someone might say that as you. OK, because as you mature, right, it would be more extreme. 

Yeah. So it's just a more extreme because of your age. You've now gone to a different place where you're a bit different from where you were in the 70s. 

Right. So therefore, you've got to factor both of these things into that equation. It's not just the candy changing, but you've changed as well. 

Yes. Well, yeah, I'm also experimenting with myself because I do a lot of crowd. I'm like 20 or 30 grams a day, which is not a lot.

There's people who do five times that amount, but it slows down digestion, but it makes it stable. So it won't harm you. So in other words, if you do too much of any kind of opioid, you get constipation. 

So I've noticed my digestive has changed, but I do a lot of coffee, like two and a half, three liters of coffee and about a pack of cigarettes every day. And I could feel the effects of each one. And I compensate. 

I know how to compensate and balance it. But just just on a side note, I mean, these things are, it's real hard to derive a good answer. Give me an example.

This is a side note. I listened to our cakes video lately, and he was touting that he's got this archaic underground, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and he's got a health and wellness section said, Oh, okay, let's check it out. So I went in there, and I signed in, I forgot what password because you got to have a very complex password. 

I didn't write it down. One, let me get in again, at least on the phone, but the computer is still on it. And I went to the health and wellness section, and all these people are posting all this stuff.

And I'm like, all I said was greetings, y'all, you know, and a couple of question marks, you know, are you the Greek, whatever? I didn't answer back. But I went down and saw what people are consider health and wellness to be and I'm like, there's no way I'm going to post here. There's so much background. 

In other words, the stuff that we discuss here and the stuff that I tell people, basically, is so radically different. You can imagine imagine a health and wellness section on alternative media, what people are going to be posting, right? I don't have to get into it. I don't have to imagine. 

Yeah, I've seen it. So yeah, yeah, you've probably seen it. Okay, yeah. 

So there's no way I can go there. I'm not gonna I can't. And it hit me. 

It was good that I did that. Because like, I'll just put a few things, you know, why don't we just say health is really fitness. And believe it or not, there are people with their fitness is so poor, they're always in pain and can't walk, right? Duh, you would call them unhealthy, right? So let's look at it as fitness. 

Let's look at seasonal eating. Let's look at the energy movement in the body, Boba, are you kidding? Are you kidding that will go over like, I don't know, like a Led Zeppelin, right? That will not work. No, you need to smooth. 

I don't know. Here, Chuck, I don't know how to introduce this stuff, even though it's just dead nuts simple, right? I just don't know how to bring it. I mean, it would have been better. 

It needs to be done on a sonic only it cannot be written. There's just too many things. I could definitely speak faster than I can write. 

But I cannot be done. It has to be done in conversation. I just maybe it's because I saw what else was being posted. 

I said, there's no way this is this is going to, you know, so I just want to bring this up when when questions about things like specifically about the cheese, it's not just the cheese, which was there were right to ask, you know, the quality cheese, like American cheese versus not American cheese, but American manufacturer versus European and all that. That's a big difference. But then there's also what cheese any cheese does to the body, you might be sensitive to that. 

So there's always two layers. And also there's seasonality. You might do better with cheese in cold weather, Wisconsin cheddar, right? You know, it's 40 minus over there in the winter.

You might do better in cold, higher latitude, or very low latitude, depending than near the tropics or moderate latitude in the summer. Right? So that has to be taken into consideration seasonal eating, right? Right. You know, but what do you do? You know, like, years ago, especially when I was bike racing, and I would order a pie, right? Pizza pie.

Yeah, we call them pies, by the way. When you order, you go to a pizzeria, I'll take a pie, they know exactly, you know, you know, you didn't say they know, you don't mean apple or cherry, right? So there's a lot, there's a lot of cheese on a pie like that, right? So and I would eat a quite a bit of it. And I didn't feel like doing as much baked goods in the summer than I did in winter. 

This is before I contemplated all these things. Then I have recall. So I would, I would emphasize seasonality, I would say that the majority of the people that I've helped the most are the ones that took seasonality as a as the strongest message. 

And think of it this way. Even if you know nothing about the effects of seasonal eating, or you know, cold food for cold climates, tropical food for hot climates. Think about it. 

Imagine a hot day back east, you're not going to eat as many slices as you would in the wintertime. No, logically, I mean, you just can't you just write so you're going to get the Italian ices and you're going to get whatever, you know, so it's not the same. In other words, try to tap into your intuition, try to recall how you you know how you found yourself eating anyway, combine that with seasonality. 

And that would be the most arching effect overarching effect on anything, right? Even when I was a kid, difficult. Even when I was a kid dating, the girls would often say, look, it's too hot to eat. You end up with one slice of pizza piece, maybe on a date where you're out for, you know, six hours. 

And yeah, so that's that. I mean, it just would come up naturally. Anyway, it's what you're you know, and that's the other thing is you got to kind of pay attention to what your body signals it needs, I think. 

Or do you disagree with right? And no, no signals. But recall, recall how you eat when it's hot out and how you eat when it's cold out. And you'll notice it's very different. 

Oh, yeah. You intuitively do that. But you can even observe it, like I say, in a date, right, where she would be like, look, it's too hot to eat. 

And like I say, you both end up getting one slice of pizza piece. Now, that's not going to work in the winter. You're going to want more of that just naturally. 

It's going to come up. But but one slice and keep walking and make sure you have a drink. All these natural things come up because you seem to desire them. 

But your desires actually give you a prescription in a way. I mean, I hate to use that word, but it seems applicable. What do you think? No, I agree. 

That's fine. Fair enough. It's a very broad subject.

Yeah. So a couple other quick, broad subjects, and then we'll close this one up. And by the way, I'm going to address something that people might have heard that I should have just addressed, but I'm not going to. 

We're going to do it in a separate short sonic, which which will be posted after this. OK, but anyway, let's talk a bit. This is another topic. 

What is that? What topic would that be? Oh, because you brought up forums and you're going to address. Yeah, you brought up forums and politics. So I'm going to do that in the next short sonic that's concentrated on that.

Anyways, got it. Let's talk a bit about this is, again, another comment about the first ever A.I. prime minister of Albania. She looks very sexy. 

Are they testing first in these banana countries? I didn't hear of this, but apparently, you know, there is some talk online, but I haven't seen it myself yet. But they're like there's an A.I. prime minister of Albania. Sounds like Jack Fresco stuff. 

It does. Jack Fresco talked about replacing the government with computers. They do a better job. 

I have no I have no comment. To me, it doesn't matter if it's you only have the rights that, you know, and people don't know anything. So the complaining about the way they're being treated by governments financially, however they are, you know, politically, religiously, whatever, as long as everyone's following what's been what the agreements are. 

Right. And but no one knows what the agreements are. So they do it. 

Right. So it to me, it doesn't matter as long as the agreements are being held. You know, each party's performing according to how they're supposed to be performing. 

And I find that to be untrue anywhere I look regarding any subject. Right. Fair enough. 

So it doesn't matter. And assuming this is true, look, the A.I. prime minister or whatever would just be the interface or the face of what's going on anyway, which wouldn't be all that much different from you looking at the president on Twitter, TV and all these other things. It's the same. 

You're not actually interfacing with a human being anyway. You'll interface with the bureaucracy. But yeah, OK. 

You know, so. But they're telling you. OK, so they're telling you it's A.I., but they're not telling you that we have clones here. 

Right. So so what's the point? There you go. Is they going to. 

Yeah. So no. Yeah, I think the worst what I pray when for for for people is that their government gets so bad that they have to throw it, overtake it, get rid of it, and they have to educate themselves like we haven't had any real revolutions in a long time. 

We almost had a real revolution here. Actually, it is that we had a pretty good revolution here in the US. But, you know, Lafayette said before he left, he says, well, we'll get you back using commerce. 

You know, don't don't worry about it. You know, whatever. And then Franklin, didn't he say something? Was it Franklin or Jefferson? You know, it's you have a republic and a constitution. 

If you can keep it, something like that. Yeah, I believe Franklin. So. 

Right. Because they asked him, what kind of government do we have? Mr. Franklin is the legend. And he said, well, you know, you've got a republic or, you know, if you can keep it. 

So, you know, there you go. And obviously that didn't work out. It did not work out. 

We didn't keep it, so to speak, or, you know, the proverbial we. Anyways, I Chuck, can you ask your greatest thoughts on, quote, ego and quote, specifically the idea that if you hate a person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself. Is this wisdom or new age distraction? New age, all of it is like, for example, the ego is no, that is that is a Freudian construct. 

You're you have one sense of conscious and then you have a sense of unconscious. And that unconscious also is capable of dreaming, meaning asleep. Right. 

When you're not conscious and when you're conscious, it's it goes back to the John Mace therapy that we talked about. Because everything in the brain is held mostly, I should say mostly by imagery. It's your ability to bring up those images and relate those images to your identity. 

There is no ego or super ego or it or whatever. That is all Freudian constructs. Um, so no, I believe a lot of the these quote, unquote niceties that people, you know, like, for example, when someone isn't doing well, socially, they say that you're the problem.

Right? No, they're the problem. Right? Depending on the individual. Usually, they're the problem, the society's fucked up. 

And you're not adjusted to it. Like, you know, I'm interviewing people constantly. And I get resumes. 

Fortunately, I have someone filtering it. And I said, look, I don't want to see any more resumes. If they have an interesting name, put their or put their name in one of those pieces of paper in a fishbowl and pull one out, right? It doesn't matter. 

What is that? Like, you know, random? Yeah. Random generator. Yeah. 

And if you get any resumes, the best resume would read dropped out by the eighth grade have been on the FBI most wanted list between 2015 and 2024. And I couldn't afford art school, or I didn't want to afford it. And I have my own art studio, that would be the prime candidate. 

Right? So that wouldn't make it too far anywhere, right? Imagine no corporate job have been in the FBI most wanted list for the eight years, right? Or I dropped out of the eighth grade. Can you imagine? That'll still take your application, though? Yeah, it's it's not the society is messed. In other words, the models, that's what okay, dropping out by the eighth grade, being on the FBI most wanted list, and starting your own art studio, to me as one, in air quotes, a model citizen.

You know, so I might be the wrong person to ask these things. Because if you go somewhere and say that, which is true, that the ego is in super ego, all these are Freudian constructs, and they're watch what happens to the person you're telling this to. Right? Yeah, they can't they can't see it.

I've kind of done that where I've been like, Oh, so you've been reading Freud, you know, that's all that is you're reading Freud. So that's an influence on you. But other than that, you know, it is a construct. 

Well, he would do like Darwin got it from the stuff at the time. It's like Einstein, right? And relativity and all that. So all this stuff. 

Yeah, there's gonna be no, no, no. I say that everyone around you, whoever's listening, everyone around you is fucked up in a severe way. Can't be fixed. 

What are you going to do about it? There's no fine point to it. And this is sledgehammer, right type approach. And you might as well watch Dr. House if you want psychology, you know, beginning with everybody lies. 

You know, I'm just saying the guy making fun of the medical industry with that show is that one all the time? Yeah, all the time. Everybody's stupid. And nobody knows what they're doing except him and kind of well, kind of reminds me of somebody. 

Anyway, there's there's my joke. I don't know. There's my attempt at a joke. 

But speaking of jokes, and I'm not sure if this is a serious question or somebody just trying to, you know, like poke us poke you with a stick or not. But here goes anyway. Question.

Every time somebody starts question with a question, I got to tell you, it usually means they're trying to stick a point. So I don't know why that indicator is that stick away, stick away. Here we go. 

Question if the Greeks died, if the Greeks died is so good, why does he have such bad teeth? Oh, that's a good point. Hereditary everyone on the father's side lost their teeth, like in their 40s. And I had perfect teeth, and they just started falling apart. 

Why? Because the teeth are the head is young. And what makes the teeth so sensitive is they're not antagonistic to the head. The teeth are very young, right? Right. 

No matter how you look at it, and shape and texture and everything, right? Even in color, young is white, right? So you have a young attachment to with two to a young object by another young object, who is just waiting for something to flip it over. So teeth can be very, very sensitive energetically. So, but what was interesting is I remember as a young child, and it was like, you know, so and so uncle, whatever is getting dentures, I'm like, he's not that old. 

And, and then social uncles getting dentures, and he's not that old, maybe I will, too. But I still have teeth, some teeth. But, yeah, and I bring up all these personal things, because I know there's other people going through things similar and whatever. 

And I try to, you know, speak about how I've dealt with them. And here's the thing about teeth. When I was very young, I broke the number of eight to throw teeth in the front. 

And I had a bridge put in when I was 13. Like I had my adult teeth for two weeks, and I broke them right, falling off of one of those monkey bars perform really high, like, don't go up so high as I'll be all right. So I've had a bridge the entire life until about 10 years ago, I started getting loose and all that. 

And I was like, Oh, man, you know, I don't want to get a partial I don't want to. Anyway, I had it removed, and I had a partial made, which was a temporary flipper, which I'm still using a decade later, because I rebuilt it. And I make my own, by the way, temporary teeth and all that no one can tell that they're temporary. 

But what was amazing as the dentist acquaintance that I have, I got really upset at him, I said, Why don't you tell me temporary teeth, and partials are wonderful, I can, I can buy it into anything I want. There's no temperature sensitivity, right? If I want, I could put titanium inserts in there, right? Like jaws, remember? And right, so I'm really big on that. Moonraker, Moonraker, Moonraker jaws, you mean not, you know, jaws, the shark? Yeah, good. 

Yeah, the Moonraker jaws. Yeah. But the teeth that bites through suck. 

I mean, I've joked around, it's like, because I make spark plugs, I have the ability to make, you know, very Swiss Army knife thing. Now, I don't want a full denture, I have enough teeth that they're called abutments where the temporary like fits into no metal. And I'm really, really, really pleased with it, versus sensitive teeth that were not doing so great. 

Right? I'm very impressed with the temporaries, which technically, according to the UN that makes me a cyborg. Because I have artificial, if you have anything artificial in your body, doing what your body would normally be doing, like an arm, a leg, teeth, teeth, whatever. I think they call it was a transhuman, whatever you have. 

Yeah, technically, you you now are what do you call when you integrate technology with a human body? Well, there's a whole philosophy of what I call transhumanism. Yeah. Yeah. 

So technically, I'm partaking in that by having synthetic teeth. And I tell people, does it look like these are not made? No, those teeth look like they're your teeth as Oh, ha, gotcha. And you know what, I made them. 

I built these things, you know, so I feel sorry for people, by the way, that are getting partials and dentures from dent from dentists, because they're so large and cumbersome. There's no reason for them to be the way that's why you ever hear someone dentures, you're like, Oh, I could tell he's wearing dentures. Yeah, right. 

They're not, they're, they're not fit to the mouth properly. And they don't do that. I go back and even recently, I went to have some dental work done, I had to add two teeth to the bottom in the past two years since I've seen him. 

And he's so proud. He, the dentist takes it out, I take it out, show him and he shows his assistants, dental assistants, look, he made this. And they kind of look the other way, you know, like, Oh, whatever, you know, like, they're, they're just there for whatever. 

But he's so impressed. And dentists usually are very impressed when their patients make their own body parts, shall I say, but Yeah. But anyway, that was a diatribe about teeth. 

But if you have a bum tooth, have it pulled if it's in an area, like in the front part of the mouth, like anything between six and 12. Or let's say 22 and 30. Get partials. 

I'm really but yeah, but you're gonna have to get a dremel and you have to learn. I get most of my stuff from Amazon, by the way, dental supply. Because years ago, if you walked into a dental supply store, especially you know, wherever they say you, you know, you have to be a dentist to buy from here, right? So Amazon doesn't discriminate. 

So I wonder if they have a brain surgery kit. But anyway, fair enough. You know, and lastly, just to just to recover that question. 

Look, like you said, hereditary, hereditary issues are the problem there. Frankly, I mean, look, mine are busted and messed up because men usually don't even live to be my age. So therefore, yeah, their teeth fall out and then they die. 

So I'm about to your teeth didn't live to your teeth didn't live to be that age. Look at it that way. But you remain Yeah, right. 

I'm still you know, I'm stretching that side of the average. That's all.