Rated Y Sonic Event 2.10 and Greek, how are you? Good, 2.10, okay, we're still trucking along. Yeah, I'm okay, yeah. Yeah, just doing it, man.

Kind of goes with the synergy there, too. Like, you know, when we go with the numbers there, people are going back, and somebody just hit 12 recently, and somebody else hit 120, and a lot of other people get them as they come out. So, you know, here we go.

Yeah, we've got some new people asking questions via e-mail and all that. Nice. And I get some longer e-mails regarding how thankful people are about, specifically, health, all kinds of other stuff, even mechanical stuff.

So I figure for each one of those, there's ten more that are benefiting extremely. But I want to just state, like in the news recently, you know, there's the Israel bombing Iran and back and forth, or the Ukraine conflict, you know, which is not really a war. Like, Vietnam was not a war, right? Right. 

Actually, this was question number one anyway, is the Middle East. Yeah, this has nothing to do with, for example, it's about, okay, we live in a place that has negative value. In other words, it's fucked up.

If you're here, for whatever spiritual, whatever you believe in or hold dear, you did something really fucked up to be put here, number one. Or you're not supposed to be here, and you're here in a fucked up place. You came deliberately because you wanted to play these video games that are really fucked up, and they sent you here anyway.

This is a fucked up place. If you are so insensitive that you think that you actually enjoy walking on the seashore, breathing the clean air, mountain air, beautiful sunset and flowers, if you're that insensitive, stay in your insensitivity and your lack of perception and enjoy those things like a good meal, a good conversation. Generally, this is a very fucked up place, like it or not.

Now, it's a physical place, and like I was mentioning to someone, I think on a podcast I did recently, we're on the paranormal. When you're disembodied, it's very much like being high or drunk, right? So don't look forward to that either. I don't know really what I'm saying in terms of putting it all together, but what I want to do is say this.

The Israeli-Iran attack was June 12th, 13th. What is it roughly now? Today is the 14th, right now. Okay, the 14th, so it's like the third day of the fourth month, which is very rare you get a conflict starting around that time and all that.

So that conflict or that exchange is really more for not the Israelis or the Iranians, but for everyone else, if that makes any sense. It's to signal to everyone else, look how fucked up it is over here, right? First of all, the state of political affairs and people working in there, first of all, go into a DMV office, Social Security office, you can't tell me the people that work there are fully human, right? I don't know if you know what I mean. They're some kind of degenerate whatever.

Even State Department, executive stuff, I've seen people work up in the Senate and all that. There's something wrong. Something seems to be missing.

I mean, you know, some people go with the NPC deal. There's something wrong with these people, right, in the get-go. And everyone has something wrong in their own way.

It's not a general classification. It's another species. So this is the classification of what you call authority.

The lizards that run this place, yes, I haven't brought that up in a long time, and that is about a 99.999% sure the lizards run this place, lizard energy, whatever. Are orchestrating on a very low level. Now, low-level stuff.

This is like, think of a real basic video game like Space Invaders or Pac-Man, level one. That's what's going on. The reality of Israel and Iran, I've been saying this for 20 years, even archaics calls it the exilarchy, the real heavy-duty Israeli pawnbrokers of the world live in Iran, Persia.

They always have, still do. I've always talked about how the Mossad and the Persian mob are like hand in glove. They're actually best friends.

Second of all, we're talking about the underworld, right? Second of all, the Persians, Iranians, are not Muslim. They put these scumbags, they call them fundamentalists, which they're not. They're radical.

Fundamental means being basic, and like a fundamental biblical person follows the law, right? Yeah, I've always found that. You know what I mean? They don't follow anything. They're just radical.

There's nothing radical about Islam, by the way, nothing at all. Well, I've always found that. See, it's not just about Islam, because they're a Christian fundamentalist, this, that, third thing.

Well, fundamentally, it's been used wrong, just like anarchy is used wrong. Yeah, but I've always found the use of that word really crazy, because it's like fundamental. Yeah, like the word nice is used wrong.

Yeah. But let me just continue on this. Sure, sure.

So it was confirmed that during the first Poppy Bush administration, up until Obama, there were shipments of nuclear triggers to Iran, Persia, and they didn't want it, so they have a place on the border with Iraq that they store these. But either one can get them, right? Okay. Yeah, so all this stuff about nuclear, it's total bullshit.

Okay, on the American side, I don't think any of these people are real, right? And what I mean by that, you could use whatever. They're not organic. Look up, there was a lot of stuff going on back in the 80s and 90s about human robotoids, and it doesn't mean robot, there's cloning, right? Cloning was done in the 30s.

None of these people are real that you see on TV or whatever. I can assure you of that based on my perception and opinion of what's going on. So what I suggest is what I always suggest, food, clothing, shelter, people are impressed.

Semi-intelligent to intelligent people are very impressed when I give my defense on food, clothing, shelter, right? And this is what you have to proceed on, because if there really was a conflict between Ukraine and Russia, that would have lasted 72 hours, tops, with millions of people dead, right? Same with Israel and Persia, right? I mean, if you can go look at Iran, they showed about 200 miles of hardened tunnels with thousands of ballistic and direct missiles, guided missiles of every kind, right? Now, ballistic just means they toss it up in the air and it falls on a trajectory where guided and, you know, cruise missiles are guided and all that. So this is all bullshit, and it's nothing about attacking Persia. It's about attacking everyone who is watching the event, the same with Ukraine.

It has nothing to do with the people of Ukraine or Russia. It has to do with everyone who's watching the conflict. That's why there is an old adage.

You've seen, like, people, when they see a gory scene, they're like, oh, I can't look at that. Have you ever heard that? I can't look at that. I can't look.

Yeah, yeah. Yeah, so you don't take it in. So my suggestion with all these conflicts, do not take it in, just like their holidays, their jack-off holidays.

Having holidays in December and January is like taking a shower before you go jump into a mud pit. It's totally worthless, right? So you're looking at what the medical society is telling you the heart is a pump and viruses and you absorb. It's completely worthless.

There's nothing there to use. The financial place, right, all the financials, the lawyers that talk about, you know, like I tell people, there's dumb. There's dumb.

And then there's, right? Three levels of dumb. Attorneys, right? Doctors. I mean, you're talking about you are completely surrounded in funhouse tactics here, funhouse strategy and funhouse manipulation.

Nothing here is not even as it could be. You know how these are these idiots, environmentalists and the people want to make the world a better place. Like, oh, one day, one day we'll make it.

We just have to keep talking about jerk off. All you got to do is stop participating. The thing falls apart and doing nothing.

Here's the thing. Doing nothing is better than participating in any of their stuff, especially with health. Right.

Like if they diagnose you with 35 fictional diseases that you think are real, if you do absolutely nothing and do nothing to the point where you retract, you'll get you'll be fine. So, yeah, the same with financial. If you stop engaging in their tactics, the value of the currency that you're using, the value of the negotiable instruments will increase because there's less of it being produced.

So actually doing nothing is actually the cure. Not this activism. The only thing you should have that's active is yeast.

You know, I love it. How they have a little thing. Active yeast, you know, for bread making.

Saccharomyces cerevisiae. So, yeah, there's that. They say there's active bacteria and what? Yogurt, too, right? Yogurts.

Yeah. Yogurt's different. They call it culture.

The only culture they have here is in their yogurt. And not even then it's synthetic. So I just want to put this out because.

And here's the other thing. If there were real protests, they wouldn't be on TV. How many times have you heard of in the alternative media? Thankfully, sometimes half a million people in Bucharest and none of them made protesting whatever.

And there's no media coverage. Right. Right.

Right. So if these protests and this thing going on was real, it would not be on TV. If there was a real terror event, it would not be on TV.

This is how bad it is right now. Well, so today's today's no king's protest and all that is what is completely synthetic. You can trace it back financially back to federal funding.

By the way, is what people don't know. You know, the police, all the police, local police, city police are federal. How do you know? When you get a traffic ticket or a parking ticket and you go pay it, ask for a receipt.

What does it say on the bottom? U.S. dot gov. U.S. dot gov is federal. Washington, D.C. Anyway, all of the body cams, all of the body cams are paid for directly by federal.

Right. Remember, there was a big I studied that the federal wants to put body cams on everyone. All the body cams are federal federal property.

That's why it makes sense that they get the tanks and everything from the Pentagon when they're excess. Yeah. Yeah.

So the no king. I just thought I saw like a guy had a Tesla and it said Elon sucks on the back. No kings.

I don't even know what that was. And then I saw I pulled into Lowe's to get some furring strips. I'm building these sunshades from cooling and all that.

And then I saw no kings. And then I saw this. I saw that.

I was like, OK. Then when I get on the computer, when I got back, I saw no kings again. OK, this is what they're calling the protest.

And then you just said it. Yeah. This is like three hours.

This is four hours of me being aware of the no kings. So ignore it. Do not participate.

Just like it's a non participatory like their holidays. Don't participate. Voting.

Do not participate. Do not participate in anything political when they do their wars, by the way. They're not wars or conflicts where they kill people.

Yeah. It's about those watching, not those. It's not Ukraine and Russia.

It's everyone who's watching that going on. That's who it's for, because there's nothing to be gained between Ukraine and Russia. There's nothing to be gained what's going on with the interchange between Israel and Iran right now.

There's no gain. There's nothing. There's nothing to be gained.

So it's it's a show for those watching it to get outraged. That's what the lizards like. So anyway, I'm just going to put this out here because ignore it.

Even if they drop a freaking bomb on your house and if you if it kills you. Well, then you won't have to think about what I'm saying, what to do. You don't have to worry about it.

Right. So let's say someone in Persia or Israel is listening to us in Tel Aviv and they drop a bomb on your house and it kills you. What I just said doesn't matter anyway because you're dead.

It's irrelevant. Yeah. But if you survive, think about think about it.

What was the purpose of what's to be gained? Nothing. And then move on. So anyway, with that said, I just wanted to put this out because I look, I have so little faith in humanity's being able to people in general, anyone being able to string thoughts together and come up with a rational conclusion.

So I don't mind volunteering like everyone is entitled to my opinion. You feel me? OK. Right.

Everyone's entitled to my opinion. So that's what I just put out. And I hope it helps.

I think it will. Ivan, not now. You want to be a shoulder cat? You got to stay down.

That's a T-shirt right there, though. Everyone is entitled to my opinion. I think that's perfect for a T-shirt, don't you? Well, I don't know.

I don't know if it's perfect, but it is so because I said so. And that's my story. And I'm sticking to it.

Right. Speaking of stories and sticking to it, what do you got? Well, a couple of comments, you know, because I posted that Arkham's Razor podcast, the guy from Paranormies you just mentioned. Yeah.

Yeah. So people commented about that, that they had noted that they had run into some synchronicity with listening to the a few. Actually, there's like three of them altogether that they had noticed synchronicity during the day.

One of them said they were listening to a Sonic from 2011. And he you the Greek mentioned self-driving cars happened to glance at my left at a stoplight. And right there was a driverless car.

Another time I was in Airbnb in Austin listening to a Sonic from 2017. And the moment he started talking about scorpions, a scorpion literally appeared in the room. And, you know, that's the thing about manifestation, which came up in a comment or a question, I should say here.

I'm connecting things together. A question about positive visualization and all that. And you've touched on it before, kind of scoffed at it.

But at the same time, you do believe in it. Well, I scoff at it because ever since a few weeks now, I've been thinking about a slightly athletic Latin call girl. And she hasn't showed up. 

And someone said that it's not call girls anymore. It's apps. You have to get an app. 

Right. But anyway, it's just a bad lascivious joke. Whether it's true or not, it's up to you.

But I think about a few years ago, they used Craigslist a little bit. But I guess they've stepped up now. You go straight to an app because it's stepped on.

It stepped on the independent. They didn't want independence. They have to do pimping. 

Right. Yeah. That's to be controlled, made independent.

So the hoe breaks free from her pimp. And most pimps are women, by the way, these days. These days, it's let's just say split down the middle.

Having the pimps be half women, half men is like saying they're women now. Right. Because it's unheard of. 

Right. So anyway, it's kind of like 75 or 50 years ago, the woman was a CEO of a Fortune 500 company. Right. 

Just doesn't happen. Right. So anyway. 

Yeah. Manifestation. There's more to it, I think, the idea.

Who was it, Jung, who talked about synchronicities and all that? The program that we're in. There's nothing. OK, so that makes it a tragedy.

You know the difference between a tragedy and an accident. An accident is not foreseen, but a tragedy is foreseen and you go through it. A tragedy, you know it's coming, actually.

They tell you at the beginning, this is going to be a mess. This is going to go bad. And you wait and watch it happen.

But an accident just occurs out of nowhere. So where an accident is completely unseen. So that would make being here a tragedy.

Yeah. Well, that. OK, so being here would be a tragedy.

In other words, let me just finish the thought, because, you know, there's synchronicities. So in the back of your mind, once you're aware of the concept, you're like, Oh, if I hear of a driverless car, what are the chances of me seeing it? That's running in your back conscious, not in your inner perception that's forward. You know, you have forward thought and backward thought, right? Backward, you know, like people that do a job for like an assembly line.

You don't even have to think about what you're doing anymore. You're an autopilot, right? So we have these autopilots of new concepts that run, especially when they're new. And then we kind of forget about them.

That's a whole other. That's a big topic to crack open. But anyway, that was more of a comment than a question.

How these things were just happening for this individual, right? Right. And actually, like I said, it was about three people commented with the same thing. So somebody else talked about the biological vacuum.

And they give a story here about, you know, giving blood and this and that. And this is what they had to say. I'm thinking how to make an experiment that shows by the biological vacuum that demonstrates easily.

I thought about a can of food contaminated with positive botulism, expanding and exploding. The bacteria definitely are doing something to the cell. Well, canning, by the way, is a form of vacuum, right? Because it's sealed when it reaches its maximum temperature.

And then as it cools, you have a tremendous contraction. And that prevents the imbalance. There's still bacteria in there. 

It's just dormant, right? You can open some canned food and it'll spoil once you open it, right? Right. And he just asked if anybody's brainstorming this. He pointed out the thing about the can and there's pressure.

But he was wondering if anybody had come up with a way to sort of demonstrate this and be able to do it with a single cell all the way up to maybe an animal. And is anyone brainstorming this is finally the question. Oh, I'm glad because I put it out there.

I need help in that field to, let's say, make more of a summarial kind of presentation and with examples. I know the heart not being a pump is easy to do. One of the very, very old Frank Chester videos, he has a silicone tube with a two by four on a weight and he increases the weight.

And he hits a plunger to move the liquid. And it hardly moves through the tube, right? It doesn't even move five feet. So how is it going to move through the body, you know? So there's various ways of doing that.

Now you have to think of the biological vacuum as an ethereal effect. It goes from low to high potential. And it's going to be different.

The closest thing I can imagine that you can demonstrate is probably the pleura, which is the cavity around the diaphragm. And that cavity, the pleura, is something called pleurisy pneumonia, which is one of the worst pneumonias you can get. And the pleura is the area.

Oh, you think so, pleurisy, right, pleurisy. Pleurisy, yeah. So people think it's the diaphragm, right, projecting the energy and fluctuations that create breathing, pulsing sensations, and all that.

It's not. It's the change in the pleura that does it, right? The diaphragm is there like a joint. The diaphragm is like the muscle.

The pleura is like the joint. So if you can simulate, like you remember the iron lung people who had collapsed lungs, they put them in a tube that they pressurized and depressurized so their chest would expand under a vacuum? Right, right. Yeah, that's an idea.

But you have to go further than that because it's not purely mechanical. It's energetic. But it's not energetic because when you use that word energy, people's minds going into plugging things into a wall outlet or a battery or burning something.

It's not energy per se. You could call it a scalar condition throughout. Scalar just means it's the same throughout.

Anyone says a scalar wave is a moron, by the way. A scalar wave would be so big that it wouldn't be considered a wave. But anyway, let's just say it requires a little more thought for food and food for thought.

But whoever just made my week, whoever made that last comment about making an example because that's what I'm looking for. Also, I had someone, not to mention his name, Neil, he gave me a really good comment on the scalarator and how it has the ability to manifest, and I said, well, build it. So that's great.

I'm getting a little more of what I asked for, which is people giving input on water and the body and other stuff. So I really appreciate you folks, even though it's just a few. That's all it takes.

Well, there you go. It doesn't take that many to get it going. So the last thing, of course, again, we already covered the Middle East, obviously, but they were asking about the idea of whether this, because they're slugging back and forth according to what's being shown on the news, and they're asking about whether this is, again, the right time to consider whether that Middle Eastern Union that you talked about years ago is coming in and stuff like that.

So I wondered if you wanted to just add to that just a little bit, because even though it's not really a war, it is an event. It is occurring, and it's being put on for a reason. And the reason I gave is for the people watching it, not for the people being conflicted.

I assure you there's an order of 1,000 times more people dying in Israel and Persia from medical care. Really? On an order of maybe 10,000 more, right? Millions of people in each one of those countries. Well, it wouldn't be a million, but, right? Well, I do believe the reports that that's happening and also that people are starving because they've cut off everything.

Gaza, yeah. And in Gaza, people are literally starving. So I think they're using that as a weapon, for sure, on people.

That's really happening. Yes. Well, Gaza is being run by the Egyptian underworld.

Greek, how do you know so much about the underworld? Anyway, the Egyptian underworld is what runs Gaza, and the Egyptian underworld, again, is tight, but not as tight as the Persians are with the Israeli underworld, right? Okay. Let me give people an example of what's going on. Okay, you have something called a – this is a segue, but it ties in – you have something called the DEA, right? And that was created by Nixon, I think.

You're pretty good at that time. Okay, you know about that. All right, so that has nothing to do with enforcing or limiting the use of drugs and all that.

What that is is the cartels always had a big influence on the politicians and all that, and they all got together, the cartels and the Americans, and it actually came out – they used the army, by the way, Delta Force, the DEA, right? And they also go around for all kinds of stuff, like arrest people for terrorism and whatever. Remember the guy – they made a movie, Lord of War. What was his name? Oh, my gosh.

He was arrested by the DEA in Thailand for selling the nukes that hit the Pentagon. Right, right, right. The P-700, granted, it was a nuke, but it was – just because something's a nuke doesn't mean it's going to go nuclear.

You need the trigger to be proper. So the DEA is nothing more than this. They had a big meeting, the American military politicians and the cartels, and they said, we need more stability.

So we have a pact here with the way the cartels run, and when one gets weak and starts messing up – when you have an underground whatever – what do you call them, mob? What would you call them, associations, organizations, organizations? A secret society, let's say. Yeah, or an organization that does, let's say, drugs and human trafficking because they also do weapons, the cartels. Let's stick with the DEA.

Sure. When they start being disorganized, it becomes a threat to all the other cartels because it draws attention, so they have to be taken out, decapitated. So the DEA goes in and does it instead of showing that another cartel is decapitating them, right? So the DEA is like a referee – that's a good way to put it – in a football game, but not the basic American sports where you have one side versus another side.

It's a team sport, like a cycling event, or we have multiple teams. And the DEA is the enforcement agency, literally, for the cartels. For the cartels.

So when one starts going awry, they decapitate it so it doesn't draw attention, or if one starts doing bad deals and dishonor, they get decapitated. They send in the DEA. It's very plausible.

Then the Zetas coming in and hitting the Medellins, right? So they need a referee because you can argue with the – was it Pete Roszarski – arguing with the referee for his call? Yeah, you can argue with the umpire, sure. Yeah, I'm sure. Or the umpire, yeah.

So you have the umpire referee as the DEA. That's all it is. And the reason the DEA is there is to stabilize the drug trade and stabilize the relationships and also keep it to a certain quality level of operation.

If you understand what I just said, you will see it very clearly if you just study the DEA and the cartels. Now, another thing is like the FBI. Before the FBI, there was another police – I forgot.

It was like the Brinks – what was it called? Well, there was the Bureau of Investigation that preceded the FBI, but then there was also the Pinkertons. The Pinkertons, that's right, and they got really dirty. And there was a lot of – always when there's a lot of negative input on something.

So the Jewish mafia came in and said, our relations are so good with everybody, but it's only going to be so good for so long because when we get more power, we're going to get feed – whatever, blowback. Yeah. So let's get – let's set up the FBI, fund it, and get it to the Jewish mafia so we could – when we feel like there's going to be blowback from the Italian mob, we go after them, and that's all it is.

Look at the ratio of Italian mobsters versus Jewish mobsters that are taken out by the FBI. Right. The ratio is – so it's pretty obvious.

And if you study the history of it, Department of Justice is very similar. That's from the Bar Association. So all of these agencies – another one is very simple.

I think the FDA was also – there were several FDAs, but the one that's recent, it was, again, Nixon, right? Well, he did the environmental – the EPA. The EPA. Yeah, but he didn't do the FDA.

The FDA has been around for a while. Right. As the drug companies, yeah, when they brought over the Nazis or the Germans with their drug potions.

Yeah, that's paperclip, like 1950, like later 40s, all that. Yeah, exactly. Right.

Yeah, so you're looking at your – your lizards – this is – okay. The magic, the trick here is amazing. You take the most vile, repugnant organization and you have people worship it as an authority or hold it in esteem, and this is what's going on.

Oh, you want to get into Catholic Church, the Vatican, talk about a vile, repugnant – Organization. Organization. And, you know, so this is the way it is here on this – in this realm.

You know, call it a planet, call it whatever. Anyway, yeah, thank you for whoever wanted to set up, let's say, a demonstration of the biological vacuum. I think the best way to start demonstrating it, but, you know, these academic morons can't visualize and transfer, but would be with vegetation, with seeds.

You know, I even got to a point where years ago I brought up to a medical professional that halide group elements cause sclerosis, calcification in soft tissue glands. We showed him, you know, that was like, you know, bromine, fluoride, chlorine creates calcification. Soft tissue, especially brain, brain stem, pituitary, all that other stuff, right? And I showed him all the studies, and he says, well, that's not human, that's all mammal testing, right? They always have a reason, they're always going to deflect.

Of course. So I think the best place to visualize and go is to start with seeds and vegetation, and when you talk about going with a single cell, you're going to have to remove that cell. Unless you go with protozoa, like amoeba, paramecium, that type of stuff.

Fungus, I would say, yeast I would stay away from, because yeast is neither mammal nor plant. Nobody knows what yeast is. I mean, it's its own life form, right? Its own category.

Fungus. So, among us. But start with the seeds and the vegetation, and if you're going to move to cells like blood and other tissue like that, remember, it's dead.

Just like in the Chitango, someone posted, or the same individual posted the thyroid and how it looks like a raspberry. Remember, all of the anatomy that they're showing you is from cadavers. So the living being, it doesn't quite look like that.

It doesn't, it's a little different. And I wonder how much the radiation, and you know, when they do MRIs and CAT scans and all that, the body knows it's being, you know, it changes again. But if you scrutinize the way organs and things look, if you can, with other forms of imaging other than the anatomy, you'll notice that everything is a little tighter, smaller, more upright.

Because you're looking at cadavers, right? Looking at a dead fish is not the same as going to the aquarium, right? Well, even observing the blood outside of the body, once it's outside of the body, it's no longer participating in the process, so therefore it's not going to be the same. It has luminosity when it's in the body. And there's more and more people doing live blood testing.

The shameful part there is they don't know what they're looking at. But that's fine. I don't think I have enough energy, life, or whatever in me to pursue and advance these fields.

But others probably do. But even if you do have energy, life, or whatever, and funds or whatever to pursue these things, you don't have that much time. These things take a long time.

But I think speaking on it and pursuing it is still noteworthy, especially with trauma. The main thing is trauma, unless you're traumatizing yourself all the time, eating junk food and being around stupid people. So, yeah, what else you got? No, that covers just about everything that I got.

Oh, all right. So we'll uncover some more the next time.