Technically, this is event 234, but you know, we're gonna we're gonna do this real short and just attack the one issue that came up between a few people. And it's just real simple. Look, Greek, they're complaining about the chat tango.

And like, you know, and I've heard this before, you know, they don't like that. Some people don't like chat tango as a place to be. And so they're saying stuff like we'd like a forum where we could have, you know, different subjects and this and that.

And I said, Well, look, you know, there's lots of platforms, but I want to get your feedback on that. You know, if somebody and by the way, we didn't build the chat tango, somebody else did. And people well, I suggested the forum Yeah, well, here's the thing.

I just where people can meet when we're when we're not doing our thing. And to talk about what we're talking about, and back and forth, I'm open, but I don't I can't dedicate any time to it, you're, you'd have to take that on. And maybe anyone who else wants to help out? Well, I say, I'm down for whatever.

Yeah, I say, let me put it this way. Let me just say this before you go on. I can't really, when I go into chat tango, it's like once a week, sometimes once every two weeks, sometimes every other day, I my time is really taken up at this point.

Because I want it to be focused where I'm focusing it. I wouldn't say the Sonics are low priority, but they are. And I can't I can't go go beyond any, any, any more than I'm doing right now regarding Sonics and all that other stuff.

Right. But here's the thing. If these guys, I'm open to it.

Yeah. If these guys want to build, okay, something on a platform that you know, that they prefer that they like, that could be accessible, you know, and all that I say, good, do it. Show me the better spot because to tango, we just used it because it was familiar and it was open for anybody to go to, you know, and accessible from any device.

But you know, some devices vary in experience when you do these things, right? So anyway, it would be good to have a space where you can comment under different topics. The space looks like a big soup. Yeah, this is them complaining again.

One is commenting about whether yet it does. And that's the way it is. It is a big soup.

And look, you, you have discernment and the Greek, yeah, by the way, it's linear. If some, if I tell someone that was posted and should tango, like I've been scrolling for an hour, you know, I've been scrolling for weeks here and it doesn't go back that far. I'm like, okay, yeah, I get it.

It's cheap. It's well, it's cheap. Not meaning cheap.

It's low quality. Yeah. It is.

And so if somebody has something, I mean, you know, yeah, linear, we can go to a date though. Usually if it's recent and find a comment or find a response or find a video or a picture or whatever. And if somebody has a better idea, I say, sure, show us, tell us, you know, but let's not get into, you know, everybody's got to sign up for crap and whatever else.

Like in other words, build it, build it and he will come despite the Mandela effect. Sorry. Yeah.

We did. Well, we did. Sorry.

We did set up the tango. You do have to sign in. It's not public, but it's like, you know, today I kind of like, it reminds me of the old HTML days when websites were very plain and simple and there was a lot, the heydays.

That's what I should say. It reminds me of the heydays of the internet right back, back when it was more whatever. But yeah, I can't get into, I mean, like I just said on the earlier previous Sonic, I heard about the archaics underground and he's talking about it and he said, there's a health and wellness.

All right, let me go check it out. And I signed in. And like I said, I just can't, I don't know where to start.

I looked at whatever else was posted as my stuff. This stuff is so contrary, even though it'll be helpful. I just can't sit there and type all day or whatever.

So no, but it's something like that. You want to do something, something more elaborate. Most forums tend to be category based and member based and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

Someone wants to set it up. It's fine. Yeah.

Because look, either we could use the facilities on Patreon and do something similar to what it is they're asking for. Or if you have a better solution, look, build it. No, I don't.

No, not you. I'm saying you, the listener, you, the listener, have a better solution. Do me a favor and go ahead and show me what it is and I'll work with you on it and we'll develop it and we'll just give Greek, you know, the password or whatever.

And Chitango, you don't even need to sign in. You can go in anonymously. But right.

Right. Sort of. Sort of.

We changed it because someone was posting porn or something and yeah, well, I don't know. I like to see more progress, progress in what we talk about and if a forum is the way to do it, fine. Yeah.

Yeah. No problem. But like I said, you're not going to build it.

And like, you know, if somebody else establishes it, though, show me and we will integrate it into everything. I don't want to have 80 forums though. So let's, you know, be selective.

You agree? Hmm. What do you think? We have two right now. The Patreon.

Yeah. Well, there's the Patreon, the Chitango. So the rest is, I don't know.

I mean. Well, yeah. But, you know, I see when you start getting into people's preferences, right? Somebody might say, well, I'm comfortable with Facebook.

Well, I would rather work in a, you know, what they used to call Twitter X spaces. Somebody else might say, well, look, we should use Reddit where you can do different subreddits, you know, and OK. And only people that are going to want to find the Greek subreddit will find the Greek subreddit.

But, you know, it's up to you guys. If you have a better way so that we can do this better. Look, I'm not saying that I'm 100 percent familiar with forums and obviously the Greek doesn't do that all day.

Yeah. You know. Yeah.

Look, these these social media are like you got mall security, you know, the malls, shopping malls have mall security. I'd rather hang out at the park, you know, you know what I mean? Like a public park that's more open. So the more open, you know, like I said, you know me, I'm going to read the back in the day when I was on Revolution Radio 15 years ago or more, I started telling people, start reading terms and services of anything you sign up for and everything.

And, you know, I was explaining to them is where did you get that Greek? It's in the terms and services. So, you know, you got to read. So unfortunately, I've read Twitter's services in terms and legal and all that.

I've read Facebook. There's no way I'm going to sign up for that. Right.

And we have you read what they're what? Yeah. What they're lauding over your head. No way.

Some so no. Some of them, they tell you all about taking your data and all that. And the worst, by the way, is the YouTube community.

So don't even suggest that because that's why I never went there. Yeah. Right.

And even worse than that is the comments on YouTube. Worse than the communities before they even built the communities. The comments showed you what the communities are going to look like.

So no, I can't read comments, but fortunately, we have a pretty good group comment situation with Chitango. Like they're pretty cogent to the subject and fairly well, let's say, educated. Right.

So it's it's linear and it's a fairly decent except for that one porn poster. But but then again, look, you open up your phone lines, you know, publicly on the airwaves, you're going to get prank calls, too. So, you know, it's just a way of things.

There are clowns. Yeah, that's fine. I don't know, man, I'm putting the time Greeks time is going towards developing projects, tech projects, which include weather and biology.

And I give an example like today, it's it's even it's like seven or eight ish for me here. And it's my day is at noontime. Like in other words, I still got another three or four hours of stuff to do as if it was, you know, as if daylights burning.

Right. And it's not because I don't have time. This is where I want to dedicate my time.

There's a difference, right? You know, people say, I don't have time for that. Well, all you have is time. So manage it.

Parcel it out. Put your time where, you know, when someone tells you, I don't have time means it's just not important. Just like when someone says, I can't afford that, you can afford anything.

You can you can afford a billion, a billion dollar yacht. If you know how to work the credit system, it's all everything's affordable. It's what you want to afford, because if you get that 200 mile an hour Ferrari or that billion dollar yacht, once you got it, can you can you keep it? Do you know what kind of uptake it keeps? Right.

So same with the forums and all that stuff. They do need maintenance. They do need adult supervision to a degree.

And they do need input. Right. Last thing you want is, you know, I went over that forum.

There's nothing really there, you know. So you want to kind of keep it interesting, but it needs to be supervised and all that. Someone wants to take that on.

That's fine. Right. I'm not.

I elect not to put my energy there. The most I elect to do is to is to show up and do these Sonics and keep that going for whoever is interested in it, because I know it's helped quite a few people because I do get not often, but I have gotten a 24 page email. Right.

I don't know how many words that would be. I get 10 page emails and I do read them. Some messages when I'm busy or too long, I'll just say I'll have to go back and I see I acknowledge that I got it now.

I'll read it again and comment later and it might be two months before I comment. And I've had at least 100 people since I've been doing Sonics say that it's changed their entire life. Right.

Right. For the better. I really haven't anyone say it's changed their life for the worst.

By the way, if if this Greek stuff, diatribe stuff that we talk about and before has made your life worse, let me know because it's you're right. I'm not saying difficult. Yeah, we'll be more difficult, but better qualitatively and quantitatively in many ways also.

Yeah. So I think that's worth doing. Right.

I think, in other words, keep keep going on. And as new people come on, we don't have a good historical category where they can go back and listen to, quote unquote, health or fitness and or tech stuff or like some people interested in the water. Where do I find about the scale or eight or tech? Right.

We don't have categories like that. So when there's new enough new people, I kind of have to start over at square one. Right. 

Well, kind of. But then again, there is somebody working on a transcript of every single one of these, in which case you could make it. So and that could be something uploaded to a form.

But, you know, these forms require administrators and even Bashir's has people administer, you know, take care of the commentary. He's got a whole thing. He's got a whole thing going.

He's got an entire year. He calls it the archaic empire. And he and I, I'm not a social person like that.

I'm very social on the engineering tech stuff. Like I said, I want to advance certain things to help whoever wants to use it. But my thing is not sitting in front of the computer and writing papers or books.

Right. But that's another thing. Yeah. 

The final write a book. I'll never do that. Exactly.

The final thought here, though, just I want to get this across is that I think very much in the spirit of everything that's been done on Rated Y is, you know what? If you see something that doesn't exist that you think should, why not build it yourself and make it happen? Because isn't that the way of things here? Look, you need to get something done, figure out how to do it and do it. I mean, is that not really one of the general through lines here that we see throughout all these Sonics is that, you know what, if it's not there, make it be there. Create it.

Well, yeah. One of the things that somebody asked me before, Harry, if you're listening, how are you doing pretty well? He said, so what do you want to do, really? What do you want to do in life? It's about a year ago. And I said, you know, I really want to help mentor young people because they're not getting it from their parents or not getting it from school. 

Like, you know, when you sign an application to go to college, that application actually paid for the tuition. Then they ask you to pay for it again. Any application, how the human body really works, biology, how it works, weather, work, water, work, just you want to talk about ancient texts like the religious texts, just the basics, you know, just the basic, basic fundamentals.

They're not getting it from anyone. And I know there's still a communication issue. Years ago, I laid into the Skype group was 15, 20, 30 people.

I laid into them. I said, shame on you guys not networking, because I remember back in the day, being on the East Coast, NYC, Park Slope, Brooklyn and all that. You run into people on the sidewalk, having a conversation and you're with someone that they, you know, you introduce them to someone else, you know, for the first time. 

And then you come to find out a month later, they got together. And then, you know, one guy does this, the other guy does that complimentary. You know, he met his sister, got married, whatever.

And he's like, wow, this is great. When you introduce people to each other, they network. They, you know, it's not just a shallow, you know, greeting.

You know, you say, hey, what are you guys doing? You know, what can I do to help? You know, you know, you know the Greek. Hey, I know the Greek, too. OK, why do this? You do that. 

OK, good. You know, whatever. Like some real simple would be the guy had a pizzeria.

I introduced him to someone that I knew who was an AC guy, gave him his card. A week later, the AC wasn't working in the pizzeria. Guess who he called? The guy introduced him to.

Right. Fixed his AC. Right. 

And I found this going on constantly. It's like matchmaking and all that. And I get on the Internet and you've got audiences of, I don't know, half a dozen people to 50 people.

And no one is. What do you call it? Networking. What else would you say? You know, I mean, they're not getting together and doing anything, even regionally.

I remember we have people on Skype and regionally like four or five of them were in the L.A. area and not even it's like, damn, man. What? Where are you? You know, get together, you know, even if you're not like exchange ideas. Like, what do you do? You know, what is what I do? Hey, go work with it.

You know what I mean? That's what a real community does. And I was shocked. I think it's an Internet phenomenon.

Maybe, maybe not. But I remember again being in back in New York City, you know, when I over the years introducing people come to find out they worked with each other or did, you know, exchange. It wasn't more just, you know. 

Right. Right. You know what I'm talking about, right? So look, I don't see that happening.

No, that's that is the trouble here. Look, you have every opportunity to build a community. It's kind of a natural thing that you can do where you, yeah, begin to interact with people.

OK, we both see something the same way. I mean, it's like meeting somebody at a baseball game or something stupid because, look, you both enjoyed baseball now build and you can build. Oh, well, this is more.

Yeah, this is more than that, because they're being introduced to coming to a common thing. But here's the thing. Maybe that's the natural way of things.

Maybe the Internet, the cyber thing or whatever is unnatural. It's so unnatural that people just don't do that. You know, once the terminal or whatever device they're using is is off or they're away from it, everything that went transpired on it is forgotten.

I don't know. I just found it to be a very frustrating phenomenon. Right. 

But there's nothing. There's nothing stopping that. That's my main point.

Yeah, there's nothing stopping people from interacting with one another, though. And look, the community, the community thing on Patreon. Look, build, build this other thing and show me another community that we could build that'll be better.

That's fine. You know what? Yeah. Now, as a as a rebuttal.

Yeah. Yeah. But as a rebuttal to what I said, I've recently come to find out by just, you know, not tapping into it, but just hearing crosstalk in the past year or so, a lot more people have, especially from the older Skype groups from 10 years ago, whatever, till recently, the more people are getting to know each other.

So I'm taking a little bit of it back because I'm finding out behind the scenes. There's a lot more networking, you know, people that have come to the rated Y are networking more than ever before, which is good. But initially, my I was in shock years ago when I found out that was.

I don't know. I just like to see people benefit from the meeting.