Sonic Event 207, Rated Y, here we are and you know, I was just thinking because my head is kind of ringing and hurting, I remember some cool advice you gave me a while ago about headaches and I want to point this out real fast. Sometimes when you get a tension headache, it is good and I just did relieve a little part of it with my thumb in between where my eyebrows are. Or if you take that and sort of go vertically upward, it does help with certain kinds of headaches.

Yeah, that's the liver line, you know, I mean in between the over the nose. Yeah, but that's not the only way to go. But that is one of them that does help.

Headache is expansive energy running towards the top of the body, right? So yeah, so that means the pressure, pressure would be at the joints would be at the base of the jaw, anywhere on the neck, because it's vertebrae, right? As long as the neck is relaxed, tilt your head slightly to one side, you know, you want to close the joint, you bend the joints. So yeah, well, when you do that, we'll get into that some other time. Well, we are going to get into the body toward the end of this one today, but I just figured I'd mentioned that.

We'll preface. Yeah, we'll preface it because this one's going to be a little shorter. So you can get some rest and the next one will get more into the body, which is going to be more of the usual, right, right.

And, you know, the reason why that works for me, though, also is because I have expansion in the eyes a lot. My eyes actually change size. They swell a bit, which I know sounds weird to people.

But everybody's don't do that. But mine's a little more extreme. So that's why that works.

Marty Feldman style. Not so bad. No, it's it's this little deformity where my eyes are slightly misshapen for the socket.

It's an odd little genetic defect, apparently. Yeah. Anyway, putting all that aside, I got a couple of questions from the Patreon people, and it is weird.

A couple of questions, a couple of comments real fast, and they are inspired by some of the stuff that was said during some of the sonics. But this one is not. And I'll start with this one.

Could the Greek discuss underground beings and civilizations? Now, that's a wide open question because you're always talking about the surface dwelling inhabitants. Obviously, that's the majority of people listening to this. We think.

Yeah. No, I can't. I have no firsthand anything.

Well, we could not really know. They would come up if they would come up to the surface and they look almost sapient. I would if I were them, I would put on like electrical service or, you know, civil workers with the vests and the hard hat in the streets.

No one notices you. Right. Or look homeless.

That's the closest I can discuss them. There's a lot of testimonies. And believe it or not, the more mythological and the older the story is, the more accurate for the general situation, you know, because there's tendencies, you know, like now everything's a reptilian or a gray or whatever.

You know, when they talk about little gnomes and stuff like that, you may not want to go with how they're featured, you know, but the idea that they're a foot tall. Yeah. Go with that.

And their characteristics, you know, because they definitely change the appearances when they put them out to the public or, you know, a red haired giant, six finger giant living in a cave in Afghanistan. Yeah. You know.

But, you know, I have no I you have to scour everything that's out there with a high level of discernment and intuition. Right. You got to have intuition.

Speaking of discernment, weird thing happened this week. And I know you don't watch the news, but you know how you talked often about how everybody you see out there is actually a clone. It's not the real guy anymore or anything.

Oh, Trump is putting out Trump's people that Biden is a clone. Yeah. OK.

So you know about that. And he supports that idea. Of course, these people are doing it for very weird reasons.

But do you think they're right for the wrong reasons? Because they got the wrong evidence. But are they right? Yeah. Well, you can't show that.

It's like 9-11. They say, well, it's an inside job and they use thermite and they got the wrong evidence because thermite is so slow. The towers would still be burning with thermite 20 years later to get 200000 tons turned into dust.

Thermite, by the way, not change the subject. That's a very I first hand experience with it. If you know people who have been on the railroad or if you have a heavy piece of steel, when they have to mend a piece of the railroad, you know, you know, most people have not seen a railroad rail up close, you know, one foot section of that weighs like twenty five thirty pounds.

Right. And when they need to weld them, they put this green it's called green clay or very fire proof clay around the joint and they pack it with thermite and set it on fire. And in about forty five minutes, it's welded.

Right. So let's go back to the evidence about clones. They're never going to put out how simple it is to clone.

Right. They always you need a special lab and special whatever. No, what I'm saying is even their proof for saying that he's a clone is B.S. Like they've got this thing of he's taller.

He's so much taller than Joe Biden. You know, he's like seven feet tall. They didn't do that.

That's a weird look at the camera. I didn't get any of that. I just saw.

I kind of look for what Donald Marshall's been posting and there's SWOT or something. If you don't have a Twitter account, someone has it closed off this thing like bores in there and you could it acts as if you have a Twitter account to view things. Oh, yeah.

And I saw the posting there and I was like, great, you know, he's vindicated. But they're never going to get into any legally. An accusation is considered prima facie evidence.

Right. Right. That's why, you know, if something is put out and it's not rebutted.

Here's the here's the thing. If you want to see validity, more validity in the issue, did anyone on the Biden camp rebut it or is it just one sided? Well, they, you know, they kind of have laughed at the official Biden camp. No, his defenders are.

OK, so then we have to take it as prima facie evidence. Now, the media laughing at it, whatever is not whatever is, in other words, there's clearly an opposition here and the opposition would be the Biden camp, because I think most of this was put out by the Trump camp, maybe not Trump himself. So he just reposted it on his truth social thing.

That's what he did. All right. Hmm.

Yeah. So. So is he's acquiescing to it? Right.

But we've we've discussed it in cloning. Just to recap on cloning years ago, there was a Midwest nightly news, 6 p.m. local news about a center that grew skin for people. And the reporter goes in there and basically says it's basically cloning their own skin.

And he has these flasks, the kind you see in eighth grade science. And his table is vibrate is not vibrating, but it's rotating. It's on an eccentric gear.

So it goes back and forth in a circle at about one inch, you know, off of center. And it's just rotating. Look, you see mixers in labs that rotate right or mix, you know, by moving the beaker.

He has all these beakers on there. And he says we put a special it's mostly water with a special solution of minerals and other things like that with some cells. And within a few days, sometimes a week or two, we have a skin sample and he shows the skin sample. 

It's like a translucent piece. He stretches on a thing and he cuts it. And it's basically cloning.

This is not something you get at a regular hospital. It's more of an elitist. You know, it's like the kind of people that, you know, they can be considered on the level of plastic surgery.

Right. It's like in the 30s and 40s, they did the thing where they grew, you know, where they actually scrape the skin off you with something that almost looks like one of those cheese knives that like literally scrapes the skin off. They would take that, grow it and put it on a piece of a burnt skin.

That kind of tech wasn't available to the general public for a long time, but was available if you had the cash. But this was not scraping. And they typically take it off your buttocks or your thigh or something.

That's been around. I remember a while. Right. 

Right. But this is literally cloning from, you know, undiscernible, you know, very small size cells. And it's very simple.

And also there was another news thing in the early 2000s where they found an Egyptian mummy that was a clone. Right. And then most people took it that they're cloning Egyptian mummies now.

No, no, no, no. The Egyptian mummy did not have, you know, born from a woman type genetics. It was cloned back then and mummified.

And that was and then it was erased. And so the technology is very, very, very rudimentary. And it is something you can do in your kitchen.

I'm very big on, you know, promoting techniques and things. You know, years ago, we were doing Skype groups, a guy from Australia. I don't remember his name. 

Doesn't matter. He was an IP guy. He would find like intellectual property and try to find investors.

And he would always be excited to tell us about all the latest IP that was not, you know, secret. And I was like, wait a second, tell me something I could whip up in my kitchen. Not not like, so you need a three million dollar or whatever.

You know, they always tell you these new scientific things are always coming out. Oh, MIT lab or this or that, you know, all this specialized equipment. What about stuff you can do at home? They never discuss that. 

And by the way, cloning can be done at home. Right. Because the only things they would try to show you is stuff like like, look, if you had a server farm, you could become a millionaire overnight with, you know, and it's like, yeah, but who has a server farm, you know? Well, yeah, it's a matter of, you know, what can you do? That's why, you know, practical stuff.

So what else you got? OK, so let's see. Gender switching, because we talked about that recently a few times. Gender switching is the priest class.

It's always men to women because that's the ritual. Europa, the last battle, speaks about the times after World War One that we never hear about. So they were starting this back then.

Everybody thinks it's a brand new thing, but it's not brand new. Yeah. Yeah.

Well, no, yeah, it's no. The whole thing about conquering the sex is, you know, the idea of why having sex is by conquering it simply by just switching it. Right. 

So you have a group that, let's say, has the concept on display of conquering, you know, the natural male female counterpart. You know, we're going to conquer that by just simply having a male dress up like a female and a female dress up like a male. Typically, it goes male to female.

Typically. Right. That was the easy way to start with.

But now we've gotten into the surgeries and the whole bit, you know, with surgeries have always been around also to a degree. OK, that's a good degree. That's the underground. 

There was castration and there was full castration where the penis is cut off to write a lot of a lot of I think the Knights Templar had a ritual for that and whatever. There was castration and full castration, which is, you know, the organ itself. Right. 

I didn't ask you about the bunions last time, did I? No, no, as in somebody. Yeah, well, somebody asked to avoid the involvement of any medical technician. Does Greek have any experience to share with correcting bunions? No, no.

And that's a very broad subject. OK, very broad. And it would be no, I'll look into let's just say this.

I'm not going to make a note of it, you know, write it down, but I'll make a note of looking at it and bring it up again. I got you, because in the medical technician field, you know, it's it's all about nowadays. They they break your foot and they correct it and then they say, OK, now that's how we get rid of the bunion.

You know, they actually cut the extra piece off and they break it. They break the bone and reset it, which seems actually sensible in a way. But it also means that it's going to come back.

Most likely. Yeah. Or you can have a bracing system.

It'll be very, very uncomfortable. Yeah. And that takes a lot of races and all that.

You know. So, yeah. Yeah. 

The same thing happens with people with the hump on the back to, you know, like where they get the the back and they start bending over more and more to a question mark as they get older, especially taller people. Yeah. Yeah.

It's always self-esteem and sort of like anger manifest like it's held in internally. By the way, if you want to counterbalance anger issues, fermented foods. Hmm. 

Give you an example, like if someone's holding a grudge, right. What happens when they drink alcohol and get drunk? The wine. Yeah.

They they want any kind of fermented food. We'll do that. Yeah. 

So anyway. OK, what else? Nice. OK.

Last thing. OK. And let's talk about depression.

As I know, it isn't what we think it's. It is, you know, mentioned in previous sonics as unmet expectations. So how do we just get over the reality of and the reality of depression and be happy? This is what I've been saying about depressions for 40 years now, is when people try to mix cognitive mix, a cognitive mix of fact and fiction.

And we're going to give you an example. When you get too much of this stuff, like if the bank lends you money, where did the bank get it from? Don't ask that. Right.

Because, you know, but if no one wants to talk about it, it means it doesn't exist where Santa Claus and, you know, the children, you know, Santa Claus, this and Santa Claus, that. And then they're told to ask for Santa Claus when they reach a certain age. Don't ask for that anymore. 

What's wrong with you? Right. Right. You're an adult now.

So when you're mixing cognitively, forward thinking, mixing, asking questions about things that are fictional or, you know, you won't get an answer for because, you know, it's the liability is the biggest source of depression when you try to mix the two. Yeah. Fair enough. 

So meanwhile, you also said you were going to do a sort of a a preliminary on the on the body to get us started before we actually get into it during a sonic. So, yeah, where would you begin with that? I mean, I guess you begin with the most relatable thing, like you say. But yeah, anatomy, you got to look at anatomy.

Like, for example, if you I don't have it from sitting outside in a pergola having a smoke and some coffee. Sure. I was I was going to do this one dry with no smokes and no coffee.

I said, no, let's get it. So look, it's what's called like a sweat duct. It's in the form of a coil.

Looks like a little spring, OK, because you need that surface area and that shape to create that counter space for water to be created in the duct. Right. They also they do show sweat ducts and they avoid showing that coil.

And so, you know, if you show too much right and you see people start seeing patterns and they're going to see that pattern actually belongs to a certain function, then they're going to try to associate the functions. And we were not supposed to do that. Right. 

Meaning induction. If you look at anything that generates liquid has to be done with this coil. And right. 

I mean, mostly not always. But but in this case, it's so efficient to do it that way, because how long does it take for someone to start leaking pretty quickly? Sometimes, you know, I mean, sweating. Right. 

You know what they call you're leaking, right? Well, you leak with the sweating, but you also leak with what they call the milk ducts, you know, with women. And sometimes men do that, too. They call it a witch's milk or whatever.

Milk ducts. Yes. Yes. 

You'll find those are more glandular looking like cauliflower bunched up again, large surface area. And those require a different form of energy. Right.

So the the sweat duct is is a very from universal principles. It's narrow. It's very young, very focused and very, very neat little spiral.

You find that in small induction. Look, look, look up mini inductors for electrical circuits. Is this identical? Right.

It's a very inefficient system if you're going to pull liquid from the blood or the skin. And also you see the dermal layers around the sweat duct. There's no way moisture, water will be going through that because the interstitial spaces are so tight. 

Right. It's it's pretty much like a low durometer rating rubber. There's nothing that's going to go through that.

So you can see how that's produced. The other thing is to look at how the organs are packed together. There is a sequence there.

You know, it's very when you look at I remember in grade school, we had the the disassembly person remember was a torso and the organs came off and they snapped back on. Do you remember that? I didn't see him in school later, but yeah, yeah. Yeah, it was a physical or you said, oh, you see everything neatly snaps together.

Now, one thing that I when I saw that at a young age, I said, oh, look, it's a whole bunch of aliens that are in contract to work together. I mean, because the liver couldn't be more alien than your, you know, kidney and more alien than your pancreas or more alien than anything else. There are many different cells.

Any of those things are completely different. Yeah. Each organ comes from another planet, you know.

So, you know, so to speak. So they're all in concert working together like off the shelf parts, right, that were made to work together. And the way that they're all nestled together, it has its own little Fibonacci arrangement, golden mean.

And that's because you need that or it's almost a requirement to have that golden mean proportion to take advantage of the energy, right? That's how energy flows. Anyone who does ham radio understands the length of the antenna is critical to your tuning and all that. So, yeah, I think any woman who's ever had a C-section is fully aware of how weird it is when they put things back in.

They kind of don't do it exactly the right way. You get problems later because they literally take your organs out to get toward, you know, where the sack is, where the kid is or the child is. And it's this whole thing.

And then they just sort of put the organs back in. I don't think they always put them back in exactly right. Yeah. 

And what is it like? 90% of them are are unnecessary now. Yeah, just do it because the hospital bill and the, you know, keep the doctors working, you know, right. And it's quick, quick recovery, allegedly, you know.

Oh, my gosh. Yeah. So it's it's a horrible.

But, you know, here here's the thing. You don't have to say the medical industry is horrible state right now. And this is how it's going to get worse.

You don't have that much time for it to get much worse, which is a good thing, right? So, yeah, when you look at the human body and the way it's assembled and the structure, by the way, one thing I mentioned, I did plug into chat GPT a while back is water. Water is not H2O and chat GPT agreed only for certain chemical. Right. 

Whatever. Anyway. But if you put in the human body or any biological organism has a biological vacuum, it emphatically says, no, there is no biological vacuum.

There are pressures in the right. So then how does if you ask the how does all of the fluid, you know, stay in equals, you know, stays in pretty much equilibrium through the body, right through the pressure of the organs? You know, it gives you a really ridiculous answer. It seems like they really picked up on that and fed the A.I. something to emphatically disagree with.

I couldn't get around it. You know, so they really don't want you sort of like if you ask the question, all debts belong to show me, you know, don't show me the laws. All debts belong to United States says no.

Actually, there's about a dozen laws that say they do. So there are certain things that are put in there to whitewash or block, because typically all it does is it tries to rephrase its rephrase what you're saying. It doesn't really give info.

I mean, unless it's you're looking for reference material. But there's a major denial or non acknowledgement of the biological vacuum. And once you start, we're aware of it.

And the basic principles of everything being sucked inward by, let's say, a force, whether it's moving or not in motion or not is not relevant is that that that vacuum, that negative pressure inside all living things, even seeds exists to a degree that it shouldn't be ignored. And it needs to be acknowledged. And understanding how to work with the biological vacuum, of course, will lead to, you know, I guess most things miraculously healing or, you know, advantageous to like very, very rapid healing. 

Yeah. And they they have some, you know, they the the legal system, the medical system, the monetary system are interlinked, right? Very much interlinked. So certain things are verboten, right? Forbidden to discuss in general queries is with the eye or on the Internet.

You know, they're hidden. They what do they call it? The algorithm. Yeah.

Right. And you can find that when you go and you try and do the Google and it gives you the answer to anything that you ask. Like if you ask a general question to Google, you're getting an A.I. driven. 

Yeah, they want to get away with. So, you know, years, let's say 10 years ago, you did a question and it did it statistically when, you know, your question showed up in websites and all that number crunching. Yeah. 

They eventually it'll be you're just dealing with an A.I. like Star Trek. There is no other websites. You don't get websites or whatever, only the featured websites.

And it'll get to the point where because A.I. is intellectual property or whatever. If you want A.I. to access your website, you have to pay a fee. Kind of like teams and Skype, right? It's already like that kind of because if you place the you really do have to.

And by the way, Google will happily send you a thing about it. If you own any sort of entity on the Internet that, you know, is registered. Yeah. 

They'll send you a thing saying, you know, your website is not working right because blah, blah, blah, blah. And at the end of the day, they want you to buy stuff is what it is. Yeah. 

But but here's the thing. People don't read anyway. The level of consensus today, I was having a discussion with a medical person and they're saying, what about this vitamin in this vegetable? So let's take a let's take an orange.

You know how they say there's vitamin C in an orange, really? OK, what's going on is most people will agree to that and they think it's just good science. But what's not being given is when you get a scientific answer for something, they always omit the process. They exclude what it took to get that answer.

And once any reasonable, semi-intelligent person is told how they came to the point where this exists in a fruit or vegetable or whatever, you're like, how can it be the same? Because the way they see vitamin C in an orange to just get the vitamin C is they crush the orange center, fuse it, separate everything, dehydrate it and burn it or combine it with other chemicals. Then you give the example, you know, at a hamburger shop. You know, no one when they no one knows what the hell you're talking about when they said, do you want cucumber with your hamburger? No. 

What? Never. No. But they ask you, do you want pickle? And most people will say yes or no.

They know because cucumbers don't are not pickles. Right. What they are, but they're not.

No, they are. But after a certain process, they become something else. It's changed into something else completely different.

So when you're given an answer about this or that, like, for example, the fluoride argument is to get fluoride. Elemental fluoride is almost impossible. I don't think it might be a specimen in some reference museum, but fluoride would most likely be found as calcium fluoride or sodium fluoride.

Right. So calcium fluoride would be like carbon dioxide, you know, in your soft drink and your pop soda. And sodium fluoride would be like carbon monoxide.

Right. So no one says you want carbon in your drink, you know, carbonated drink. You see carbonated. 

But is it carbon carbonated drinks? Are they carbon dioxide or carbon monoxide? Right. So it's the same thing with the fluoride argument is we say fluoride. First of all, I don't think elemental fluoride is available anywhere.

Only only the calcium fluoride would be in small amounts. But the prevailing quantity is sodium fluoride, which is the carbon monoxide version of fluoride. See. 

So, yeah, so the science behind it, simply saying fluoride, for example, omits the practicality of it. Right. Where I would I would be OK with a supplement or toothpaste with calcium fluoride, but not sodium fluoride.

Just like I enjoy a cola or a lemon soda with carbon dioxide, not carbon monoxide. Right. Like hydrogen. 

Hydrogen is an absolutely necessary element to a whole lot of things. Right. But, you know, do you want to drink hydrogen peroxide? No, you don't.

Right. That would be H2O2 or something. Yeah. 

So that's another. Yeah. But then it's not hydrogen. 

It's. Yeah, it's it's it's not about the hydrogen. It's about the compound. 

Right. So this thing, you know, about some people when I have a discussion, I say, oh, so you're holistic. Well, is that what's the opposite of holistic? Fractional. 

Right. Right. So we could talk about the value.

They're both quantitative. One is the whole quantity of the one's partial quantity. But qualitatively, looking at all of the quantity is qualitatively better than looking at only some of it. 

Right. So what I call, you know, the opposite of, you know, a lot of the alternatives call holistic medicine. That was a big thing in the 80s and 90s.

There's not much talk about that. Maybe there is. I don't know.

I don't watch, though, because it's just frustrating. Any any medical stuff that they put out early, early, early 2000s, it was still prominent. Yeah.

And it's sort of faded. But yeah. So the accepted medicine is all fractional. 

It's not holistic. I mean, it's not it's only looking at parts just like, right. You know, oh, this has got, you know, oranges of vitamin C. So let's just give vitamin C in a packet or supplement.

It's you can't say it comes from oranges. You can say it's derived from oranges, just like a pickle on your hamburgers derived from a cucumber. Even in the world of medical technicians, what do they do? They fractionally handle things.

They say, OK, you had a problem with your heart. Now you need to go to the heart doctor who is a doctor who just focuses on that, which means that he doesn't pay attention to anything else that's going on. He's just focused on your heart.

And that's kind of yeah. Legally, legally, none of them hold water. In order to be legal, they have to have a sworn affidavit.

And no doctor will ever do that. But they get you to consent and agree to it. So they always put it on you.

But the whole thing is I brought this up because it's very important. Yeah. To the legal stuff and law stuff.

It's all about swearing or affirming. You know, in the biblical, it says don't swear. Right.

But you can affirm under the penalty of perjury, let's say, you know, even as a child, yours, I swear I didn't do it. Right. A little child.

So from just like I brought up the metaphor, the last sonic with the voices minimize, you know, the computer is mimicking what we can do for the mind, which is when you have the voices or the let's call them intrusions, you minimize and then hit the X, you know, on the whatever to close it. So you don't try to close it when it's in full view, minimize it and then close it. And that's how you stop the intrusions, whether it's temporary or long term.

I wouldn't expect more than temporary because we're swimming in it. The same thing happens with with anything else that you do. Minimize it and close it.

There's there's a metaphor that can be used. The basic metaphor is that to carry over on many, many topics. And yeah. 

But anyway, maybe I got off track on that. But the idea of swearing has been instilled in us as children and in the legal field due process. For example, if you're given a ticket going 150 miles an hour over the speeding limit in order for it to people are arguing like I don't need a driver's license or any of this stuff.

There's no due process in order to be charged in law or even legally. The opposing party has to have a sworn document. In other words, they're putting their nuts on the table under the penalty of perjury.

Otherwise, there's no due process. There's no case. And no one really pays attention to that.

All they do is is cite, well, I'm allowed to go 150 miles an hour. I have a right to travel or this and that. No, they just it's due.

Or they say the court doesn't have jurisdiction. Forget about all that. Do you want to bring something into a peanut court or a kangaroo court? Whatever the rules are, you still have to have a sworn affidavit from the opposition. 

Right. Or rebut with mine. And no one there's a minimum majority.

And that is the the the real success of the matter. And if they don't address it, there's no case. Right.

So and this is this is very much the idea of swearing or putting your nuts on the table, as they say, and all that is the basis for all this stuff. And how do you do that with evidence? Right. And and it's and if you don't have the evidence, your word is enough.

That's why we said earlier with the Biden thing, when that was put out that he's a clone, what did the the Biden being the opposition now or however you want to see it, what was their response? If there's no response, we have to take the statement as being truer than no than no response. So the more true what makes something true is how it's affirmed and put forward. That's why so many people are so misled. 

Right. Like with the Kennedy assassination, with 9-11, with all that stuff. Because, you know, when 9-11 happened, they just put up a picture within 30 seconds of Osama bin Laden.

They suspect him. But if you ask people on the street, they swore it was Osama bin Laden. You see. 

So they were trying to see what you swear to. It's kind of like I lie and you swear to it. That's what makes it true. 

Right. That's what magicians do. They they lie by, you know, cutting a woman in half and putting her back together.

But because you don't know how that happened, you swear that you saw a woman cut in half and put back together on stage. And that makes it true. So this is the world that you live in.

It's actually what I'm saying. This is to simplify everything. Just like you can affirm or swear that a cucumber in your hamburger is not very good, but a pickle is. 

Right. And you can say that they're not the same. You can affirm and swear that a cucumber in your hamburger is not, you know, a firm or swear that it's not the same as a pickle. 

And guess what? It's not. And not everybody. Not everybody likes a tomato, but most people will put ketchup.

And that's not the same either at all. The same. But it is.

I once had a McDonald's burger in recent memory, like a year. Then they didn't put ketchup on it because and it was unedible. So it's very important.

It kind of reminds me of an old cartoon in a newspaper where the bears are over an animal that has been in for a long time. And like, I think this one's going to need ketchup. You know, ketchup makes really poor meat quality things more edible.

It's it's necessary. But everything is about your condiments. And we'll get into that when we get more into the biology.

That's why they put most of the same reason.