Greg, I sincerely appreciate you making time, really. That's right. Okay, cool.

My pleasure. Oh, I'm sorry. Go ahead.

Oh, my pleasure. Let's kick it off. Cool.

So I basically put together a big list of stuff that I've been, I don't know, wanting to answer or to revisit with you and just go over. And one thing that I've been hearing some buzz about, the drone thing brought it up recently. I know that's a big sigh, but who I think behind it, from what I can gather, is this whole Northcom entity that came around after 9-11.

Do you know much about that? I think it's straight north of you. Yeah, it could be. Here's the thing.

Let me just bring up a point that I'd like to carry over on the rest of the conversation. And I'll show you how it applies to anything we discuss. Because I refer to us as surface-dwelling earth inhabitants, and we live in a very toxic environment.

Well, okay. Yeah, we do. Yeah, we know it's toxic.

No, I'm not talking about chemicals and pollution. I'm talking about mentally toxic, and I'm going to mention the premise of everything is the way society functions. There's two categories.

You have the public and you have the private, and I'll give you a quick example. And we'll go back to the drones. With the banking system, I borrowed money from the bank.

I have to pay it back. That's what they tell the public. That's what everyone thinks.

But really, what's going on is the bank has no money to lend you. They just monetize your signature, and if you confront them with that, they punish you. So if you operate in the private, and you know what's going on, you have a much different attitude.

So what I mean by this is, if we're going to go back to the drones, there's a private side to what's going on. And when you hear the term black ops, secret operations, whatever, forget about those terms. That's private.

It's a bunch of people pulling out some private stuff that can only be, or organizations, that can only be interpreted with public knowledge, which is not compatible, if that makes sense. No, you're right. That's the dilemma I have.

I know I'm fed artificial feedback, all this bullshit, and I try and make sense of it. I don't necessarily care about the drones, per se. The public is allowed this much of a threshold, a fraction, and then it's to mess with us and do all these things.

But it's like, I don't know where, I just- No, I get it. Let me just say it this way, Zen, or let me just stop you. There is no rational way to describe what's going on, logical, rational, feasible, acceptable way using public parlance, what the public is told, will not apply.

It's kind of like 19 Arab hijackers vaporized the World Trade Center with box cutters. Wait a second, Greg, that's not the official story. Yeah, tell me the official story and tell me it makes more sense than what I just said, right? So it doesn't work.

It's just, so what I would suggest, in this case, with this question, with the drone, is what do you see? What data can you gather and compile for yourself? And those that you would consider as being, like Dan Pena would say, high performance people, not this semi-intelligent tripe shit, and I'm using the medical term there, right? I mean, people that you consider to be high performance, high functioning people, gather your own data, put it together, hit the mute button, look at the pictures, all right, that kind of thing. But what I've been aware of, what's going on with the drones, just to segue back, what is it? It's a PSYOP, but what isn't a PSYOP, right? If you go to the grocery store, the new packaging on a box of breakfast cereal is a PSYOP also. So what degree of a PSYOP? I really don't care.

Personally, I think the mothership, you know, I'm talking about like the two mile long mothership, should enter our atmosphere and vaporize everyone on the surface. So a bunch of drones to me is just a joke. But anyway, that was, take that however you want to do it.

So it is a joke. I was just thinking, how do I breach the surface of these entities that are underground in Colorado Springs, things like that. That kind of stuff always.

Well, how is there, you know, they say mind your own business or, you know, miners like to say that, mind your own business, right? I would just do that. I mean, I'm not saying for you, that's a bunch of folks that are, are they getting away with it? The answer is yes. Right.

Because even the administration says, yes, we had, we've heard about them. We are aware of them, but we don't know what they are. Isn't that the official answer typically? So basically, it's a joke.

Yeah. All right. But here's the thing.

So my point is here, we know these, this is a private group, right? And and they're doing their thing. And yeah, it's a little inconvenient, psychologically, mentally, socially or whatever. But we're going to let them do their thing.

That's basically it. So let them do their thing. Are they affecting you personally or your loved ones? The answer is no.

And out of it. Oh, well, OK. I think in an abstract way, they are not to necessarily rebut you, sir.

I'm just saying, like, they do that stuff to see how we're going to handle it. And then, OK, great. Now they're going to pass drone legislation so that they want to completely control the sky.

And I feel if they get enough pushback from us, they I know it's a very broad sweeping term. Well, maybe we should go public on how to build a device that could send a tennis ball through a brick wall. I don't think they'll be up in the sky for very long.

But anyway, that's another discussion. Yeah, I'm just tired of being treated like like a dumbass. That's all.

No, you will. Well, that's because you're not pursuing. I'm just saying, let's just let me say this.

We're not pursuing high performance or stuff that's in your category. And you're actually allowing yourself to be downgraded. I mean, just take that as a suggestion.

Right. Like if I look at alternative whatever. OK.

The alternative media online is public. It's public stuff. It's in public parlance.

It's what the public understands. None of it makes sense because all of this is being done in the private and it's being shown publicly. Yeah.

No, you're completely right. But I think that one can understand if one can understand that it's all crap and then be able to analyze it and understand to a certain level and realize, OK, what part of this is a test? What are they really saying here? You know, what does this mean about the powers that be? You know, is it a front? Is it a this or that? And I think that's worth interpreting, I mean, if one can. And that's what I guess the advice I see from you and I know that there's many layers to all this.

You know, there's there's a lot. It depends on what you want to put your focus on. Sure.

You know, like, for example, there's, I don't know, 40 or 50 million people in the U.S. on blood pressure medication. And guess what? Blood pressure is a fiction. It's a medical.

It does not exist. There is no pressure in the blood and they're and they're dying from this medication. Right.

Same with diabetes. There's no there's no measurement. There's no way to measure blood glucose.

It's done by an analog that shows how much hydrogen peroxide is revealed in the test. There's no direct way. So no one has these diseases that people are succumbing to.

The treatment is the disease. As they go with these false diagnoses and get these treatments, it's the treatment that kills them at a rate at a rate of three million per year, even though the statistical number is a million per year. And I think that's a little bit more of a concern, because what's going on with the medical industry is is several fold more severe than what was going on in National Socialist Germany or any other, you know, bowl pot in Cambodia or Stalin.

What they were doing is going on right here, right now in the West, not just the U.S., Canada as well. And people are being unnecessarily right. Destroyed literally.

I mean, I don't really care to some example, because it's no one that I know. But when I hear it's like, you know, my dad died of diabetes or whatever, whatever at 57. And my mom is having a hard time and I have three brothers and sisters.

I mean, you know, that's kind of shitty, isn't it? Right. And he didn't ever had that in the first place. And I can mention like 90 percent of the stuff they put out is fiction and they're just killing people with the treatment.

To me, that's a little more on a social level. Right. So but like I said, you know, I have yeah, I don't have the only input I have on you on this is start looking at from a public versus private perspective.

You know, let me just interject this. You're considered a minor. I've been doing a lot of research in this lately and come up with my, you know, a minor someone less than 18, you know, incompetent.

You need a custodian or someone over you. All of the institutions you deal with, all of the authorities, small or large, administrative, public, private or whatever, you as a minor. And what do you tell? So let's say, you know, you have a minor, a child, and he says, hey, man, give me ten thousand bucks, your pickup truck in your house for a week.

You're going to laugh at them, right, because they can't, you know, handle it right or anything like that. So this is what's going on with information. They're putting out information that's for a minor and incompetent.

So you know, so on and so forth in that vein, not people that are competent. This is the public. The public has always been this way.

Very well said. I agree. I'm going to ask, move back to something you said earlier before I kick it to Daniel, let him ask you some stuff.

But you said that I'm not in search of anything, and so many words from what I remember, that matters to, I guess, the powers that be. But OK, look, let's touch on, I don't know if I was trying to design something that's anti-gravitic or something to master my environment more, that would be, I'm assuming, a threat to the environment. Yeah.

Well, here's the thing. We live in a very toxic environment, not chemically toxic, but mentally, socially, spiritually toxic. And there are powers that be, but they're not physical as much as we would like them to be.

And they block us from mastering the physical world every so often. And very few are given that power. And also, let me just put it this way.

Surface dwelling Earth inhabitants are the lowest form of human existence on the planet. In other words, we can get into it more. Living on the surface shows that you're very primitive.

You don't know how to deal with your environment. All advanced societies do not live on the surface. They go underneath.

It's just like, okay, Daniel, I just built a new house, and I feel like getting new furniture for the new house. Sound reasonable? Sure. So here comes the moving truck with all the furniture, and I direct the people unloading the truck to load my bedroom, living room, dining room furniture, and put it on the roof of my house because that's where I'm going to be living.

What a kooky thing to do. I'm going to be laughed at, right? You put it inside the house. So you do a flyby on the Earth, and you see all this stuff built on the surface.

You're like, leave those guys alone. They're really dumb. You live in the Earth, not on the Earth.

So just that premise alone. Could you imagine someone in your neighborhood living on the roof of their house? Would you consider them sane? No, sir. Yeah, exactly.

So let's use that premise to anchor your other questions as well. You're not dealing with anyone, right? Let's talk about the guy who lives on his roof 24-7. How to transcend all that.

I'm trying to think of a way to ease into, without jumping too far. I don't want you to slap me down, but it's part of the learning process, and we came to you with answers. You're doing us the favor.

Enough kissing your ass and stuff. I'm just saying, I don't ever want to be a host that takes you for granted, but I'm trying to think, how do I, with this short amount of time on this Earth, if you will, positively affect and or elevate humanity? Got it. Other subjects.

Yeah, it's just, I don't want to be- Well, here, this is fine. On the sonic that I do, Rated Y with Ocelli, I keep laughing and say, hey, I know the meaning of life and you don't, ha ha. Meaning of life here, this is not open for debate, is to have your time wasted.

Everyone wastes each other's time, whether you know it or not. It's so hard to get things done, and there's so many ways it's done. First way we waste our time is there's no communication.

Again, advanced, if we were advanced or we're not here to waste our time, we wouldn't use speech for communication. Because we use speech, there's lying, there's deception, there's all this stuff. We are here, we are designed, we're actually made or allowed to be bred into a situation and developed in a situation where everyone is wasting everyone's time.

It doesn't matter if it's your parents, your loved ones, your friends, your work. Is it all in vain, Greek, analyzing- It's all in vain, exactly. No, no.

I was asking you. It's all in vain, so it is all in vain. Okay, so there's no- It's all in vain.

Lessons can be learned that accumulate later in some, I don't know, life that we get to spawn into. There's no ascendance. People like Daniel Lyle would just say, human forever, the soul, if you will, and there's no elevation.

There's no- No, not with all the ... If you make a rundown of a list of let's say an automobile, it stalls at a red light, it's dripping gasoline, it's dripping oil, hard to start when it stalls. You're like, this thing, we're going to leave it alone and use it like that, right? Well, you could, right? You know, a broken down car that just barely works, or you fix it or get another one. There's no ... The decision has been made to leave everything as it is alone.

I'm talking about in the grand scheme, right? We're just going to truck along this way and whatever. That's the main decision. Like you've heard, don't make waves, right? Or hey, if you put that in public, they'll kill you, right? Or whatever, blah, blah, blah.

Hey, but what if the breakaway civilizations that have successfully broken away adapted that attitude? That's why I feel that there's hope. Yeah, well, that's what they do. They break away, and I agree.

I would come back with the mothership and vaporize the surface if it were me. That's not enforce everyone where they should be underground. I hate to say it that way, but there's no alternative.

Here's the thing. Our bodies biologically can continue. You know how your body breaks down and rebuilds itself, apoptosis, all the biological functions, right? When you sleep, you recover and all that.

The way that works in our body, we can live for 1,000 years, easy, right? But we're designed and made. There's a throttle a governor put on us that we die out 70, 80, 90, 120, whatever, right? That is actually there to help us, the short life. I can't tell you for sure all these other things that people talk about.

What happens after this? I would say that our mentality here is not clear enough to understand what happens after being here, but I would take everything that we hear as a hint, right? For example, not to bounce around, but this stuff about reincarnation, that's not discussed properly because if we are here for the third, fourth, fifth, or tenth time, aren't we technically in the afterlife right now, right? These things need to be put together a little better. I have no desire for anything here. It's kind of like years ago on Sonics, I spoke, we're in the waiting room.

You have a dentist appointment, right, Zen? You go to the waiting room, how much are you going to complain about being in the waiting room? Yeah, if they should take you at 11, it's two o'clock and they haven't taken you yet, you might reschedule, right? But you're in the waiting room, so what are they, they got crappy magazines laying around, you might have a conversation, play with the stupid rectangle, whatever, whatever. That's what we're in. We're in a waiting, we're in a holding pattern.

Look, if the powers that be of the grand scheme, I'm going to use your terms, the King's language, you know, if they're prerogative or if just by happenstance, whatever it may be, is for our time to be wasted, why can't I make the best, I mean, why can't I subsequently in vain try and make the best of my surroundings, you know, just for shits and try and, my big thing, my blanket statement is just elevate humanity. I really want to do everything I can to- You might have to rebuild, okay, here, let me just say it this way. Okay, in civil engineering, when you design a highway, like an off ramp or an on ramp, you have to design it for typically, statistically, what would be known as the worst driver and the worst car taking that off ramp, right? So everything around us is designed that way.

It's for the least educated, the least aware people and the least physical fitness to function in this society. You know about that, you know? So basically, you're in a low functioning society. Everything is made, in general, to accommodate those that are operating on an absolute minimal functioning level, mentally, physically, et cetera, et cetera.

So how do you make it better? There's several ways, several approaches, and I'm speaking strictly, everything you're asking can be fixed from a strictly nuts and bolts engineering perspective. You don't even need to ask big spiritual questions or big social questions. Okay.

Break away, go underground. I guess I can come back and visit that later, but, and can you tell me about this, okay, this governor on our lifespan, I'm assuming you're referring to a genetic, something that - Oh yeah. ... telomeres after a while? Yeah.

It's more than telomeres. The physical is secondary. It's kind of like, you know, when you, let's say, do a wifi signal to your laptop or your television in the living room, you can discuss the pixels as much as you want, but I'm telling you there is a signal that's being piped over, that's being picked up, that's manifesting.

Those pixels is a little more critical, right, than the pixels, because what I mean is you have a high resolution or low resolution TV, you're still going to see what's being broadcast. Can you touch on how we rebut that governor or what we can do to, you know- Not here. Not here.

Not now. In other words, you have a dentist appointment at 11 o'clock, it's 12.30, they haven't seen you yet, you can kick and scream all you want, that's not going to make the dentist come out and take you in his chair. I'm just wondering if there's any, you know, right question I can manufacture to relate that to the dentist to do something in my best, but I don't know, at least she has to- Well, use the dentist, because I have an acquaintance who's a dentist, and when I want to see him, I call him on his cell phone, and he's like, yeah, yeah, we can do that, and you know, let's meet at eight o'clock at the office after I play basketball.

I mean, that's the relationship I have with him, right. And the thing about it, I said, hey, Mitch, when you get your, do you ever need any dental work? The dentist, he says, yeah, I do. I said, do you do it on yourself? Or he says, no, it's very difficult to do it on yourself, right.

You see, so you do require a tribe, so your questions are requiring that, you keep saying, what can I do? And I'm telling you, what you want to do requires a tribe, a village, a nation, right? You're right. I just, thank you for helping me with that, understand, yeah, and better. Anyway, Daniel, please, go ahead, I've eaten up a lot of time.

Well, I think there's a distinction between wasting your time, which I agree is the highest, you know, goal that we can aspire to in this realm, and between losing your time, because if you just go by the schedule and the impositions and the things that are governed by time, like let's say, watching a movie or going to a sports game, then you will be losing your time. But if you're wasting your time, that implies a certain openness to something that is mysterious. It could be redirected so the same time is not being wasted.

Yeah. As for us living on the surface, on the roof, still, I think there's something to be said about Goldilocks planets being inhabitable and having the ability to be thriving on the surface, except that we are in the most precarious position of having all these grids and all these prison systems governing us. That's what makes us especially repressed and inside more of a prison than a university, as we were supposed to.

Sure. Or I would say how closely related is a prison to a farm? How close are they related? The creatures that live in a prison and the creatures that live in a farm are both fed and taken care of to a certain degree, right? And they're both monetized. Yeah.

I don't think it's a prison as much as it's an unfortunate situation. And by the way, some people listening to this are, oh, this Greek guy is very negative. I'm not into it because I like the airy fairy woo woo stuff that your intention, blah, blah, blah, blah.

That's fine. But what I'm saying, you'll find in every ancient text, every single text that's been written by, you know, those dummies that came before us, right? That's what everyone, we're taught to think that the ancients were dumb, right? Every ancient text that you'll find, you know, the holy writs of the world are pretty much I'm paraphrasing. And you mentioned the us having the potential to live a thousand years.

Would you be able to isolate maybe the biggest poison or the top three or something? Yeah. Your skin. Let's just keep it simple.

Remember that everything is based and we're speaking publicly, so we're addressing minors, people with a, you know, under 18 mentality typically. It doesn't matter if they're 70, right? This is the way the public is groomed and they go to their grave as basically children, a children mentality. How do you know an old man just walked into a room or an old lady walked into the room? By looking at them, right? If you put an old man versus young man, old lady versus young lady on the internet right now in images, what's the first thing you're going to notice? Old people have baggy, wrinkly skin.

That's the first thing that you notice, right? Typically more than the facial features drooping or being in large brow bone or large ears, right? Well, the reason that happens that, you know, is your skin as you grow older, parts of your body keep growing. I'm not going to get lascivious, but they, that does too. I noticed after 50 anyway, so like for example, the femur, the brow bone, the ears keep growing as you get older.

A good example of that is if you know anyone that's in their forties, fifties or sixties and was in the military, say, Hey, go pull out. Do you still have your military uniform and your hat? Yeah. Pull it out.

And they're in their twenties. You know, they have their military hat, you know, what for parade and whatever, right? Formal hat, dress hat, it's called, Hey, put your hat on. And when they put their hat on, you know, it sits on top of, of their head, like a, like a toy hat, like a child's hat doesn't even fit anymore because that keeps growing top of the cranium and all that, right? So you keep growing.

Now the skin grows faster than the rest of it. And you know, when you're young, you're a five pound pork chop in a five pound bag. When you're old, you're a five pound pork chop in a 10 pound bag.

Why not just put it back in a, right? So I'm not saying go and get plastic surgery, right? You know how the, you know how that looks, right? But so why does the skin keep growing? Are there chemical attachments, energetic, electrical attachments behind that? Yeah, of course. And you can, can you prevent that from growing? And because the skin is an organ in its own right, you have to take certain considerations. But that would be the first thing that I would do.

But wouldn't it have to be related to our main fuel, which is a gas of some type? Well, yes, I'm glad you mentioned that. We all have an atmosphere. You know how you study, let's say, geography or wherever the earth has an atmosphere, it's so thick or whatever.

And everything has an atmosphere. Even if you study Galvani, the early natural philosopher, you know, scientist, he said that what conducted electricity across metals was that metal has an atmosphere, it's not the metal itself. But anyway, and we have an atmosphere around us and it's material.

And actually, you can smell that atmosphere on some people, if you know what I mean. And we affect that atmosphere by putting on perfumes and colognes, if that makes any sense. But also, we have an energetic field, just like the earth has a magnetic sphere and that we call the aura, for example.

And just like that aura is very, how would you say, inconspicuous, like the aurora borealis, for example. You know, you only see it in certain places. So, we have many conditions that affect us, right? And like, for example, I'll give you a short, you know acupuncture, right? Where they put pins and needles into people.

Okay, ask anyone who practices that in the West, how does it really work and why do we use pins and needles and all that? They don't know. They're just doing their job. Well, you know what a lightning rod is, right? You direct the electricity from the atmosphere to the ground.

When the idea of acupuncture is that you apply a conductive piece of material into the body and based on the diagnosis on the practitioner, what he wants to do is draw energy from the aura surrounding the human body and put it back into the body. Or if there's too much energy in the body, to send it out to the outer field, the magnetosphere of the body, that's what acupuncture is, right? So, it's like a lightning rod would be used on the earth. But isn't it barbaric a little bit because it's disturbing the vacuum, first of all, and second of all, because it's tough to map out what's the good parts of us.

I'm not condoning it. I wouldn't do it. Like, for example, if I had a condition and someone suggested I go try an acupuncturist, I'd just laugh it off.

I wouldn't do that. But I'm just giving that as an example to help illustrate the condition. But since our bodies are electric, there is a beneficial type of electricity, right, as opposed to the one we use? Yeah.

What I would suggest about electricity is their end result product. Like, for example, baked goods is an end result product of using grains, ground-up grains, right? So, the electricity that we... When we say electricity, people think, oh, I plug something in a wall or a battery. That is a very highly pressurized, magnetically or chemically pressurized ethereal flow.

It's a secondary thing. When you're dealing with biological, it would be more the biological vacuum and what we call the ethereal reaction, which has very different potential. In other words, the ether goes from low to high potential, where when we say electricity, it always goes from high to low potential, right? So, we have to understand that there's a reverse of potential.

In other words, I just did a weather seminar. It was three three-hour sections on how to manipulate the weather around you, you know, locally and not so locally. And I broke it down in practical terms.

And basically, every time we discussed something in the physical reality, when you're working with weather or ether, it's the opposite. And the main opposite would be the energy potentials go from low to high, not high to low. Where can we find that? I'm sorry to interrupt.

Is that recorded at all? I can learn from it? It is. It's a private group. I did several seminars on several different subjects, and they were just open.

I had about 50 people. But now, I'm going to be doing new seminars on several subjects, and it'll be fee-based. But this one is not fee-based.

If you send me an email at uncommonsenseradio1 at Gmail, that's the number one, uncommonsenseradio1 at Gmail, I'll send you a link. And we just reposted everything again, because Skype takes it down every 30 days. Thank you. 

Sorry, Daniel. I didn't mean to. No, it's fine. 

It's nine hours. It's three three-hour segments. I do, let's say, every Saturday, we do three hours for three weeks.

And that's just barely covering the surface. But we already have several people making rain and doing what they want. Especially where you are, Zan.

My gosh, hurricane's coming. What do we do? Run, right? I'm like, no. Yeah, not at all.

We have total control over that. Yes, it's upsetting to know that they just, I don't know, these lesser men build over us. And as you can tell, I'm so buttered, and I just, I'm relentless in my pursuit of trying to figure out how to get ahead of all this.

But anyway, Daniel, I want you to wrap up your first point. You know what I'm saying? I don't want to take a thunder. I don't want to take a thunder, Daniel.

I think the answer to what would you do if you did find some, let's say, free energy, which, like you said, all energy is free, so you shouldn't name it that, but a free energy device, you should just keep it for yourself, because what you do when you're alone will be rewarded by the world around you. Right, well, here's the thing. The operative point here, what you just mentioned, let's say you just get a free energy device.

You're pretty new at this, because you just got it, right? So it's like when you get, you're five years old, you get a brand new bicycle, you say, I'm going to ride to California. Or do you ride in your neighborhood first, try it out, make sure, right? Don't get your, don't get anything caught in the chain, right? Get wrapped around the axle kind of thing, right, until you get used to it. Yeah, so it would be very difficult.

I mean, we already have devices that it's just a pipe. You're aware of it, and you run dirty water through one side, and the water comes out clean on the other, and it's like, what? That doesn't make any sense. No filters, no chemicals, right? Well, that already exists.

We already have that, and they're not for sale. I do a 90-year lease. So if anyone says, how many of these have you sold? I can honestly say none, right, because I lease them out for 90 years.

So anyway, that's the operative thing. By the way, if you have a free energy device, don't put it up for sale. Just do a 90-year lease.

But to tie it together with the drones, I believe you did foresee this type of phenomenon back in like 2016 or 15, that we would see all sorts of lights in the sky that were supposed to represent a distraction, a false disclosure, and that if you want to make, let's say, a baby step towards understanding that phenomenon, you're supposed to get behind the actual, the way in which you cancel mass and weight, which is not inside the atoms of physical objects, but in the ether. Right, it's all, if you're familiar with the work of Ken Wheeler, I don't endorse him. It seems like every time he does a video, he's just rewording everything from his first video five, 10 years ago.

But his perspective in nature, and I agree, there's a book by Gustav Le Bon written on transformation of elements and materials. And all the early, quote unquote, physicists, which were natural philosophers really before the term came about, it's all about pressure mediation. Everything in nature is trying to equalize.

So if you create a low pressure here, out there, that's higher pressure wants to rush in to the low pressure, right? And if you create a high pressure here, it's going to want to rush towards the low pressure around it. And that's the basis for everything that works in the perceivable universe. And if you're stuck on the atomic side, meaning everything is material, most ridiculous thing is a photon, you know.

How does the photon go through glass, right, slow down and then speed up again after it leaves the light bulb, right? Ridiculous. If you're stuck on atomic, let's say, model of the universe, that everything's atoms including light as photons, you will never, I assure you, you will never, ever, ever, ever, ever have anti-gravity or anything that we discuss or aspire to. Ever. 

You'll never have it. But once you understand there is an immaterial substrate, it's completely immaterial that once it's handled a certain way or manifests into material and light, and you understand pressure mediation, right? So, for example, the way, if you understand what an airfoil is on a wing, on an airplane, the Bernoulli effect, you have something that looks like a flat plane of material like a wing or just a board of wood. And if you run it through the air, it doesn't, you know, it just cuts through the air, it doesn't lift.

But if you increase the surface area on the top of the board and keep the bottom flat, as you run that board horizontally through the air, the top of the board, which is like an airfoil now, that's a longer surface, the air takes a little longer to rush off and it creates a low pressure because of the time variance. And but the air on the bottom of the board, because it's flat and parallel to the air movement, the air moves a little faster and you have a high pressure and that creates lift, right? If you look at every cross-section of any airplane or helicopter or propeller, it has that feature. How simple is that? So, what the simplest airfoil will do is create a low pressure above, high pressure below, the end result is lift.

Exactly the same with the ether, you know. I think there actually were stuff written about ether lift and lift, you know, simple lifting devices. Now, if you're going to go after it by strictly using electrical fields and all that, that's not going to work either because electricity is a byproduct.

It's kind of like if grandma baked a batch of chocolate chip cookies that were made of wheat, can you take that chocolate chip cookie, plant it in the ground and expect a wheat field to grow out of that? Never, right? So, it won't because it's too processed. It's too processed. Yeah, so you have to handle the unprocessed ether.

Now, here's the thing, what is the ether? Before we get into that because that's been dabbled with and I believe we know it can be explained but it's not really shown, discussed publicly. Let's just ask the same question, what is a bear? You know, the animal B-E-A-R that lives in the woods, black bears, grizzly bears, whatever. If you ask anyone, even a child, what is a bear? Do you know what that is? Yes, everyone pretty much will say yes.

Polar bear, doesn't matter. Now, I'm telling you, we really don't know what a bear is but we know enough about bears that we say that we do know what bears are. And the reason why we say we don't really know what bears are or is, is because I've never run into anyone or heard of anyone who sat down and had an eight hour conversation with a bear.

Have you? No, but we know enough about bears and their behavior that we can work with them and identify them and actually say that we know what bears are. Can we do that with the ether? Absolutely, yes, we can. And that's how I operate.

Do we know enough about it to work? Just like, for example, if you speak to a physicist, what is electricity? You know, really, if you get down to it, there's no physicist that knows what electricity is but we still, does it mean we shouldn't use it? Do we know enough about it to make it useful? Does that make sense, Zion, to you? I'm picking up what you're laying down as far as I think I know, my subjective understanding, yes. But as far as ether, okay, what about like in relation to Mel's Hole or something like that? If that exists, if you can confirm or deny it, whatever. I don't know what Mel's Hole is.

Oh, okay, there was a similar place, I think on an Indian reservation. Basically, it's, I don't know if you heard, it could be urban legend, but I'm assuming it's true. Oh, a weird place with weird anomalies? Well, it's a place that according to this urban legend, which I'm assuming is true, there's a naturally occurring hole in the ground where a dark light would beam out one time a day.

And if you drop things into the hole, you never ever hear some sort of noise or anything. And if you drop something live down and pull it back up, it's warped. And that coins from with different times and different presidents, same countries or stuff like that would be found around it.

And if you park your car close enough to these places on earth that there would be, I don't know, stuff from, I guess, different timelines playing on the radio or alternative timelines. Maybe this is just a red herring. We should forget about it.

I was just thinking. No, no, that's fine. I was, I had a, well, somewhat mild relation with someone who had gone through New Mexico and swore that he went through a town that he knew before.

And when he went through the town, this is about five years ago, it looked like very 1940s. And he sent himself a postcard. And when he got home, he got the postcard and it was postmarked 1947, even though it was five years ago.

So maybe they really do have aliens in the post office, but yeah, weird stuff like that. We're the aliens, right? I mean, how the hell do we just pop onto this planet? We are the aliens to some degree. I mean, you know, to some, yeah, we're the only, you know, we can go into so many reasons why we're alien here based on, you know, how different we are from all the creatures, right? Yeah, even on the biblical texts, we're a genetic project and all that.

But, oh, about the dark matter, dark light, it must be some residue of the, you know, phantom matrices because we're in a side of simulation, nested inside of simulation and so on. So that's probably why he was led to an artificial timeline in that one. And then, I don't know.

Events, yeah, yeah, synthetic events or different events. There's a very thin transition or veil, I should say. For example, when some people, very rare, you know, the NDE reports, near-death experiences, but if some of the more, let's say, if you listen to NDE experiences, they all sound pretty much the same with some variance.

But there's a few out there that are interesting that before you transition to the other side, you actually go through different realities that are like this one, that seem very similar. You might look at yourself in the mirror and you look very different. Or, you know, you might have a green car here and when you pass, you go out, you walk outside of your house and the car is now red.

And then you go to another reality, which is very, very different, and so on and so forth. Several of them that are all coexisting. Yeah, but the fact that each denomination sees their own pantheon in their NDEs suggests that it's, you know, artificial in that.

Yeah, they never, yeah, because they never really died, because if they did, they wouldn't. Look, Woody Allen, I think, or someone said, if dying was so bad, how come no one has come back to complain? Yeah. But about the ether and the drones, I think in one of your oldest sonics, you explained how come they take those 90 degree turns.

They can go through the veil to an extent. Like when, again, with the NDE, is there anything really supernatural happening? I mean, death is such a common thing, right? Where you basically unresolve in this world and you resolve into another reality, right? So they're able to resolve another reality that appears to be a 90 degree turn at Mach 10 in this reality. Very simple.

I'm suggesting that you're gonna be breaking, it's not just anti-gravity and those super, let's say phenomenal motions that you see in UFOs. I believe that they're operating in a slightly variance, another reality that you can see in this one, like a shimmer on water, right? And yeah, they rely on the reorganization of energies, which all the energies come from the ether, right? Pre-energies, yeah. Once we identify it as energy, it's finished.

Just like you can't plant a chocolate cookie in the field and expect wheat to grow. Yeah, you have to function with the original whole materials that come out, quote unquote, naturally, because nothing is natural anyway. It's everything that's constructed.

You know how they say, well, without being religious, God created everything, right? Well, someone who creates things is an artist. And that's where you get the word artificial. It's an artificer.

So everything is artificial. If you go that route, you know, that someone created all of this, right? So an artificer makes things that are what? Artificial. Yeah, not in the sense, like, for example, years ago, I was peddling water.

I was trafficking high-end water in Los Angeles in most elite shops there. And I was able to clean and make wonderful spring water, like the, even goes against the best spring waters in the world from LA tap water via implosion. And it was called Spring 2.0. And the label said, synthesize spring water.

And we were giving out samples. And one lady approached me and she says, why does it say synthesized water? It sounds artificial, right? I'm like, you know, that's a good point. That's a good point because it is, but not in the sense, when we say it's artificial, it's usually a downplay, right? A downgrade, right? So by saying we live in an artificial environment is not downgraded at all.

It's just being more objective. That makes sense. And as a result, you could say that the generators are not so much generators as pumps.

That's right. No one has ever generated electricity just like a water pump has never created water. You know, like I say, let's go out and buy a water pump.

Usually has a power cord attached to it. Leave it still in the box, plug it in to your power. Do you expect water to start shooting out of the water pump? No, because the water pump is designed to take a certain static body of water and to based on its design to create a certain volume or pressure, right? So let's go back to the generator.

It's a group of windings that creates static, takes static, right? Static electricity and winds it up and pressurizes it and reflects it down a conductor known as metal. Notice I didn't say really conduct. It sends it across the wire, just like a magnet works, for example, when you put a magnet on your, actually magnetizes the ether, polarizes it.

When you put a magnet on your refrigerator door, is it, what is it? It's just running along the refrigerator door, right? That's how electricity works over metals and other things and some minerals. And once you understand that principle, you might want to abandon the whole thing, right? Of, you know, having a field coil, you know how basic generators work. There's various types of ways of doing it with magnets or without magnets and where you have an exciting current, you know, several, there's many ways to do it.

But I would suggest that if someone wants to start getting into this, let's just say, I'll say this because I'm in the process of working on this right now, is using an exciter type generator. Instead of winding, spinning a coil around a magnet, energize a smaller coil that becomes magnetic and then rotate the other coil around that primary energized coil and keep seeing what you get. And if you start playing with this, you'll notice that your local transformer, your local power supply in your neighborhood, everyone, all the power goes out for a few blocks.

And the electrical companies right now have enough sensors that they can almost find the source of what caused the capacitor or transformer to go out. And you get a, first time, they stop in front of your house. Second time, they knock on your door and they said, you know, the power went out again.

Do you know anything about it? And what I suggest you say is, I really don't know. I was watching TV and the lights went out, man. Don't say, hey, come out here.

I want to show you what, anyway, you get the point, right? I shouldn't have shared that, but yeah. But there are also examples of the technology that is electricity that is longitudinal, that is instantaneous, that we're not supposed to have, that is out in the open. Yeah, but how are you going to control that? Because it's instant, well, you can, Eric Dollard, again, I don't endorse him, but he has some good stuff.

You can build a very simple circuit. There's a video that's about 15 years old on YouTube or maybe 10 years old. It was an eighth grader that built basically Tesla coil setup, like a tank circuit.

And he basically showed that it, that little circuit that he built was 1.5 times the speed of light transmission. Very simple to do. And the way you do that is a tank circuit, which is capacitors in series shunted with a coil.

If you want to do the opposite, slow it down, is coils in series shunted with capacitors. So it's very easy to do faster than light. And that's a longitudinal.

When you say longitudinal, that's faster than light propagation, right? So you have to start thinking in those realms where things are instant. And that's, again, it goes into the, how much of, okay, let's just make an open question that maybe we can't answer. How much of messing around with that stuff can you do without the other realities coming and saying, hey, what are you doing? Yeah.

Right, how much of that can you do? Or they'll say, hey, I see you're doing it. Let's invite this guy, right? Let's invite him, right? And then once you're invited, you walk through a door that you may not come back in, right, does that make sense? There's also a gray area such as that person who died 10 years ago who did invent and tried to patent a so-called free energy device, but was unsuccessful. And of course, Bismarck and Kalamnit, I forget the name.

Well, you know, you can't just say one because there's many, I believe, and they've done many, many different ways. And I think they're all very different from each other, but using a similar principle that they may or may not be able to communicate, which is what we're trying to do now, perhaps. And you can recreate many elements out of others that have nothing to do with them using the latent free energies of the ether.

What do you mean by elements? Like, I don't know, lithium or water, catalysis. I mean, bronze gas, that's supposed to be like a different phase of water that we didn't even know about. I get it.

There's something, the field is, you know, yin and yang, right? I don't like discussing it that way because it sounds like I'm trying to get into a modified Asian philosophy. So I've come up with a new way to describe it. I call it universal principle.

You know, yin being soft and expansive and yang is sharp and hard, right, and focused, right? Yin is unfocused, yang is focused. Again, it's like pressure mediation. When I get into, let's just call it transmutation.

You okay with that term? Yep. Okay, I've done many, many times, I'd like to say hundreds of times in my life, but dozens of times, public demonstrations where I take pure carbon and transmute it into iron at a rate of 70% by volume. And what's interesting about the iron, once you transmute that, the iron does not rust, even though it measures as pure iron.

And what's interesting is in India, there's some iron pillars and they're measured to be 99.999% pure iron and they don't rust. And the reason why it doesn't rust is if even you look at the bullshit periodic table that we have, when you follow Fe iron all the way, I mean, carbon all the way to iron, you notice it passes through nickel. And one of the characteristics or qualities of adding nickel to iron is that it won't rust, right? Stainless steel, for example, just one of the metals.

So once you start transmuting elements, you can actually control their properties, which are very different from the way elements. So the iron that, so for example, the iron that we get that rusts is not made this way. Why? Because it oxidizes very readily.

It goes through various stages, right? So now we understand that when you transmute elements, you can control based on the way things are ordered, let's say on the periodic table loosely. You know, like for example, you brought up lithium. Helium can be turned into lithium, right? And, you know, I'm sure Zanziers are perking up because, you know, you've heard about so many geopolitical moves being made because there's a potential for a lithium mine, right? So what do you think would happen? Let's say we're on the silver or the gold standard and you're able to make gold.

How would you be viewed? As a threat, if you weren't- Yeah, exactly. In the Yalta conference, you'll find that, this is back in the 40s, that the Russians were given the go to control the world's platinum. And if you don't believe that, even platinum mines in the U.S. are owned by Russian, by Russian concerns, right? And through isotopic measurements, about 60 or 70% of the world's platinum is synthesized.

In other words, made in the lab, but they can get away with it. For example, I've dabbled with this. Well, let's just say I'll share it.

When you turn copper into gold and you have a Dory bar, which is about 20% gold still and some silver and copper, and you send it to a place to be tested, they run an isotope on the gold and they have a chart. And based on the isotope of gold, they know from what part of the world it came from, right? Because they've already mapped out all the gold mines and the regions. But if you make a certain percentage of gold and send it to a lab to be tested, and it doesn't show up on one of these isotopes, they tell you there's no gold in it.

It's just iron and copper. And then you'll say, oh, really? Okay, well, why don't you send the sample back? And they'll say, oh, we lost the sample, right? And what's interesting, there's a place called Swastika, Canada. And that was one of the few.

By the way, when you do this, these are labs that are registered that give you a certified, right? So all the computers are networked. Once you go into a system like that, now you're blacklisted. And all the labs that share that same network basically give you the same answer.

So we sent it to a lab that we thought was out of this loop. And it was a week, we didn't get any answer. So I called and did you get my sample? And he says, yeah, we have your sample here.

We haven't opened it yet. Is there anything you wanna tell us? I said, yeah, do you have it in your system? He says, let me look in my system. He says, oh yeah, I see you here.

It sees that you were sending us a sample. It says that it's iron and copper and we lost the sample. But they haven't opened it yet, right? So anyway, I'm gonna stop right there.

Let your mind, you know, see us. So there are things like that going on constantly. I recently spoke to someone who was kind of like, not a bad person, but he got in trouble with the judicial system.

And he found a way to get make the case go away, but they didn't like that. So they said, well, the case can't go away because you have a grand jury indictment. Now, when we look at the dates, the grand jury indictment was three months before he was initially arrested.

How could that be possible? Right? This is the kind of stuff that's so, sometimes when you see like the fix, the fakery, the suppression, it's so obvious. It's not subtle, right? And where's the outrage? For example, just to bounce around socially, how many times have you heard people like Tracy Twyman or certain people that made controversial, put out controversial material on the internet, or books or whatever. And they said, you know, I'm not suicidal or whatever.

And yeah, you're not suicidal. You're very stable, you're sound body and mind. And then like a year later, you find out they were found hanging in their garage.

Where's the outrage? It's obvious they were offed, right? But where's the outrage? Why aren't there like millions of people gathering around demanding? No one cares. So no one cares here. And you know what? They shouldn't care because deep down inside, they know they're here to waste their time.

So why bother? And the way they get people to kill themselves can even be indirectly through psychotronic attacks. Yeah, depends on the character. I mean, like for me, no matter how many voices they beam in my head, I've taught myself to ignore them, right? Because I know all the voices are external anyway, right? Could you go over that? Because you're the first person that I resonated with describing that you shouldn't have the inner monologue and that it's actually something much darker.

Yeah, I'll give you an example. We're taking up space. You ever see someone park their car in the middle of the road and they leave and it's like, wait a second, why couldn't you pull over to the side? So everybody else can pass.

Well, that's what the earth is. We have parked ourselves in another reality and these other beings view us as something to be messed with. And they have a society just like we do.

They have bars and movies and families, right? But they're not in our material realm. And they mess with us by giving us a voice. That's why when you try to remember back as far as you were an infant, you didn't have that inner voice.

Sort of developed around five, six, seven that you can remember. And I'm pouring some coffee here. So what's interesting is they have beings that go through school.

Like for example, in the West here in the US, we have a lot of Chinese restaurants with Chinese immigrants and people think, oh, they just came over from China to work in a restaurant. No, there are actual schools in China that train people to emigrate to the US and work in the restaurant business, right? So they have some little schools where when you deal with humans to give them their inner voice. And these are the different classifications of humans.

And this is what they typically think of and say. And that gets locked into your voice. And the voice in your head sounds like the way you sound to yourself and you think it's you.

Now, what's interesting is when you have, let's say a very mainstream person and they listen to their inner voice, kind of like in the cartoons, you got the good angel on your right shoulder and the bad angel on your left, right? Yeah, they play that with you as well. But I can give you a scenario. Let's say you got a real mainstream person, believes everything on the news and files taxes, takes a pill when they're sick, all the basic stuff that mainstream does, right? Suddenly they go to like Zanz or your website and they start listening to some of your interviews and they're like, oh man, this sounds so intuitive and right.

And I better read, it's not, you mean the world is not like I was told? And they start abandoning all those mainstream thoughts. That voice can no longer serve them. So he puts it on an alert.

Hey, this guy's learning new stuff. I can't give him the voice anymore. So then they have to assign a new being to give you another voice.

That's why when you run into people that kind of like just started learning this alternative stuff, it is the happiest time in their life, they're at the most peace in terms of their, they wanna learn, they wanna tell everyone and all this stuff. But when they send the new being over to them that's designed for those that go into the alternative world or whatever, suddenly you notice they start getting angry on why no one wants to hear what they're saying, right? Suddenly, they all have the same characteristics pretty much, right? And then when you find out by, for example, let's just bypass the whole thing here, that inner voice is artificial and they're actually keep replacing beings as your level of consciousness changes and you keep growing your consciousness and rejecting that inner voice, what happens is they send like the real big bad ones like the Delta Force beings and those guys, what they do is they start giving you a little clairvoyance, like what's going to happen eight minutes from now and you start feeling psychic and then you forget that it's still not you and now you start telling people that you're psychic and you're really not, it's still this other thing doing it. So, yeah, and I just gave you an overview and you've heard me discuss this more in depth but that's the overview.

So, these people that say that they're psychic, they are but they're being played. They're being played also by a being that like, it's like, hey, this person here, their heart, the easiest way to control them is let's let them believe with a voice that they're psychic and then now we got them. So, okay, now, what if you know that's going on, now you go even beyond that, being psychic, oh, Greek or anything, really being beyond psychic, of course, and you just keep operating and then you get to a point like the Truman Show where he takes the sailboat out and he finds that it's all fake in the set, right? So, once you get past that psychic point, then you see, oh, it's nothing here is worth it and I'm not saying this to be whatever, a downer, but just enjoy yourself.

Hey, look, there's plenty of people that work in Hollywood and show business with fakery around them, even they're even, hey, I'll let you in on something. Do you know when you watch entertainment movies or whatever, you know, they're actually told what to say usually and it's reading a script, you believe that, right? And most of the stuff is props and fake. Hey, does that mean they're having a terrible time? No, you can still enjoy yourself in that setting.

You see what I mean? Yeah, so every word that you can make out is, it betrays this possession, so to speak, because you're supposed to think in clearer ideas, nothing good. Influence, I'm glad you mentioned that because first you have influence with these beings and then the people that have problems with their cognitive ability, those are oppressed, like voices that, you know, that's what they use, let's say, for example, a beam of thoughts in your head to make you kill yourself, right? You have the oppression. And the final state is possession where your consciousness is completely taken over and becomes unconscious and this other being now operates through you, right? And this is all non-material, not like the real takeover, this is not being a host.

You are a host though, but there's no physical entity, it's all mental, so you have to watch out for that too. Yes, which is not really so much pranking, which probably has a much deeper cause, which has to do with loosing, I mean, living and using our creative powers, which they lack. Yeah, and they feed off of it.

There's a movie called Monsters, Inc. where they scare the children and they, actually their energy reloads their, right, it's their food source? Yeah. That is absolutely, I would say, 99.99, almost absolute, one of the situations that's going on.

And if this astral world that people say that they go into or these spiritual beings, doesn't matter if they're biblical, whatever religion, new age, I don't care, if they're so, oh, I met a benefactor, a beneficial entity, really? So how come he hasn't given you a formula for like, you know, curing cancer or free energy? None of them are beneficial. Even if you read the biblical text, whatever God in there that you're talking about, show me one that's beneficial or benefacted to us. None of them are, none of them, not a one, so.

So, yeah, that does away with any form of channeling, but there is. They're not here to help. Mm-hmm, but there is one of these communications that is like, let's say, genuine, which maybe I shouldn't expose this, but you yourself were subject to, which is the one that's more cellular and the one that Ashayana describes as kelontic.

Mm-hmm. Okay, excuse me, I believe that they are operating in a way that we are also, in other words, but on a different level, right? So let's say, for example, you have someone who's barely making, eking a living because they have financial problems, right? But then you have someone who's worth several billion and they have financial problems that physically and mentally have them in the same condition that the person who could barely get enough food to eat. You know what I mean? So a wealthy person that's miserable because of finances or someone who has no money at all that's miserable because of finances and they're in the same condition, it doesn't matter what level you're on.

Yeah, the guy who's the billionaire that's degrading because of his financial, he's got a Rolls Royce and a mansion, but mentally and physically, he's in just as shitty as the guy who can't get enough to eat, you see? So these other beings are like we are, but just on a different level. You know, they're driving Ferraris instead of horse and carriage. They're just as screwed up as we are.

Because the sum average, there are people that get, there's a little meme, a cartoon, where there's some little greys in a flying saucer and they look down on the earth in the meme and you see smokestacks and pollution. And the greys are speaking to each other. They say, hey, didn't we send them Tesla 100 years ago? Yeah, but they didn't listen to them and they're all laughing, right? Yeah, but probably they also don't just use the imps and demons, I mean, but also 5G frequencies to instill the confusion and the subliminal messages, plant ideas.

I think it's even before, 5G is basically a transmission system to operate machines that are loaded with a lot of circuitry. And it has a very high dynamic range, 5G. What I would suggest the technology to do that was more around if you study the work of Delgado in the 1960s, mind control, where in the 1960s, he went out into a bullfight arena and he had a little wooden box in his hand and they let the bull charge him, pushes a button and the bull stops and kneels, pushes another button, the bull gets up and charges, pushes that other button again, the bull stops and kneels.

This was in the 60s. This was publicly demonstrated. Was it low frequency or ultrasound? Yes, but it's never one frequency.

It's kind of like when you sit down for dinner, you just don't eat one thing, right? You have a side with it and you have some seasoning, right? It's, I'm giving the food metaphor. It's a recipe. Right, but since we're on this topic, could we maybe delineate between the people who are body snatched literally, like by aliens or by Brill, and the ones who are synthetic? Oh, I can't really, I can't say I'm expert on that.

But you were the only one who described how the synthetics can be created, let's say. Oh, you mean like a clone? Well, yeah, let's say for simplicity of terms, cloning. Yeah, but I'm referring to the way that you said that you can, through technology, obstruct the light that goes from the sperm cell to the egg.

Oh, yeah, yeah. Well, it's all light. That's actually been substantiated clinically, that when the sperm, let's say, fertilizes the egg, there's a flash of light, right? The same with blood cells.

Live blood testing, they'll see flashes of light and then new types of cells appearing in the blood sample. Yeah, there's many ways to do it, but essentially you're going to be, once you create a being that you could walk into a room and press the flesh, you're gonna go into the cloning technology where they have to be grown into a tank. And I suggest that the tank isn't made of any hard material, kind of like in some of the newer sci-fi cloning, you see it's a soft material, right? Because you don't want to twitch and bump and break a limb while you're being formed.

So I would suggest that eventually understanding the cloning and growing human or whatever animal has been going on for a very long time as well, which we call a synthetic. But okay, synthetic in terms of the impetus when let's say a child is in the womb being, yeah, when that light is affected, you can change the trajectory and the development of that being and what spirit will embody it. Yeah, absolutely.

And it takes a very short period of time, right? When you see a flash of light, how long does that last, milliseconds? So you have to be able to do quite a bit of adjusting in that small amount of time and to synthesize a type of being. So in other words, yeah, I would say maybe, let's say as the breeders keep breeding, there is technology that can actually control the quality of the person that will be bred at that moment. Yeah.

Downgrading or upgrading. I see no reason for, yeah, I see no reason for upgrading anyone here at all because there's just, putting a highly intelligent capable individual in this world is living hell, right? You want low functioning people here. But in regards to light, that also has to do with, that's behind some of the psi abilities, like manifestation is just visualizing something before it exists and then you bring it about.

Well, psi abilities go, like I described earlier, where they keep exchanging the being that gives you your inner voice and they can't do anymore. They give you someone who makes you think you're psychic and usually fall for it. And when you're not on that level, when you don't fall for it, you'll find that the psi abilities are not a big deal and that everyone has it and you're wondering why they're not using it.

It's a different level. You're not going to say, because I have psi abilities, I'm better. You're going to say, oh, how terrible this is because look at everyone has it, but yet they're not using it.

Another component that is overlooked in the psi and other things is the emotional. And no one has really been able to describe their purpose or their meaning. Yeah, I get into a lot of that.

I'm going to probably be doing a seminar on that, a fee-based one. I've been speaking on it now for quite a few years. I thought about it for quite a few years before that, doing experimentation.

I call it the emo work. There's no explanation for why we have emotions in society, why they exist. It's not just, if you believe that we're just biochemically stimulated and that's all, then this is not for you, of course, but there's no explanation why we are emotional.

But then you'll find, how many times have you heard of someone going postal, right? Very calm individual, suddenly they were emotionally motivated to do some heinous crime or wonderful thing also goes the other way as well. So once you learn to take control of those emotions, you'll find that's where your consciousness is and your actual body works by emotion, not by the voice in your head. And also the emo work creates a field around your environment that helps you control or influence things around you, people and material, you know.

Yeah, the emotional envelops the energetic and the physical. That's what it is. That's what you're actually reading.

The emo is the reading of that. And it also ties in with the body's consciousness. Your body has a slightly different consciousness.

It's a very primitive consciousness. Like for example, you can say that, yeah. It's kind of like someone's an intelligent guy, tired of being here.

He wants to kill himself through drowning. And as he's drowning himself, there's a voice. Why are you doing this to me? I wanna live.

Don't do that, right? That's the body's consciousness. You know, that keeps the heart rate and all that going. So that also lies in the emo.

If the body gives you a voice like that, it's very desperate. It doesn't operate that way. The body operates only in the emo.

I seem to recall serial killers coming to that realization when, for example, just after they slit their own throats or something like that, they regretted it. Yeah, it's like this dual. I'm not saying duality in a sense that, you know, left and right or black and white.

It's a very, very minor, small consciousness, right, that's there, that runs the body. And you brought up yin yang. And would you say that that is, you know, something you can find anywhere, meaning everything that is, let's say, positive has a counterpart that is negative and that's how the universe balances itself? Yes and no.

It's not static like that. You know, when you say positive, negative, the first thing people go to is a battery, right? You don't put the battery, positive, negative, corresponding to the device, it doesn't work. And it's that battery always has a positive and always has a negative, right? It's not like that, really.

I mean, that's a good way to start. But it's the constant rate of motion. The only thing that doesn't change is that things always change.

So everything is in constant flux. So when something becomes very yin, it attracts more yang. But if it becomes so yin to a limit where it cannot become more yin, it flips over and becomes yang itself.

For example, let's give a grenade. Let's just analyze a military grenade. You hold it in your hand, it's very heavy, it's very hard.

Everything is packed very tight, even the gas that's in there or whatever is packed super tight, that's considered definitely a yang object. When you engage the grenade and the reaction begins, what does it do? Does it get more yang? Or it's as yang as it can be, the trigger in a grenade makes it a little more yang to the point where now it becomes, what? Yin, which is expansive and very quickly. But the expansion happens very quickly in a yang fashion.

So when something is very yin, you counter it with something that is yang in small measure because you don't want to tip it over, right? So I'll give you an example. The human body is really where we apply this to. And this might sound crazy, but this is a true experience.

The top of your head is the most yang part of the human body and the bottom of your feet is the most yin part of the body, right? So for example, when you hear someone that has a brain tumor, that is a energy in the body that is very, very yin because it rushed up to the most yang part of the body, right? So anything ailment on your feet or near below the knee is a very yang energy and it rushed down to the yin part of the body. And by the way, for the brain tumor, people try various things that they need to do is various salts, which are yang, to contract it. But if you really want to hit it hard and fast and make it go away in a few days, for example, start studying the yin and yang and you'll come up with something and I'll give you something I've come up with and it works, is if you look at energy perspective, the most yin energy, the most yin energy is radioactivity, what's commonly known as radioactivity.

Now, that's how yin, the energy is that causes an ailment in the brain. So what can counter that? Do we know any living organic substance that counters it? There is an insect called a cockroach and it's very well known that it could take on a manifold many times levels of radioactivity and still be unaffected where that would kill other living things, right? But so that roach, cockroach is extremely yang, but let's, is there a way to make it even more yang? If we take the roach and bake it until it carbonizes, not burns, but turns black into carbon, let's say 300 degrees Celsius, 550 degrees for a half an hour you'll have some very toasted roaches in a cookie sheet, carbonized, you can break them up in your hand. You put them in a gel capsule and you have the victim with the tumor take three capsules in the morning, three in the afternoon and three at night and then go get a scan about a week later and try to find that brain tumor.

Sounds kind of crazy, sounds kind of witch doctor-y, doesn't it? By the way, if you're going to apply this, I wouldn't suggest the person that they're taking capsules of roasted cockroaches, they don't even have to know. So I just gave an example of the power of this universal. By the way, with ancient healers that were valid, do you know most ailments were healed or cured within 24 to 36 hours, 72 hours tops, right? Within a few days.

Very rapidly because it's all energetic. The thing is, if you do it, when you apply energy, principles of energy to anything physical, what happens if you apply too much energy to that physical thing? You can blow it up too, right? So you have to be careful. You have to know how to dose it out.

Do you think that overlaying colors, I heard that if you project certain colors in a certain spiral, especially the spiral, do you think that applying energetics or psi or something using spirals has a potency effect? Oh gosh, that's a funny question. I'll give you a funny answer. Try it and report back.

Right. You brought up the cockroaches and another old time scoop of yours is that these insects have an elemental entity that governs them and they're also- Very much like people do, yeah. All of these things do.

If that element withdraws, those insects withdraw from our reality. Right. So I guess our elemental are the gods who put this- I would say they're partially withdrawn and kind of, yeah, just have minimal influence on us right now.

Yeah, they use proxies. Yeah, many levels of, you know, one of the things that I say is I was sent here by accident and it was, well, you know, if someone's religious, they say, well, God doesn't make accidents, he's perfect. Yeah, but if you're God, you have admins working for you, right? And they're not perfect.

So they screwed up and sent my stupid ass here and I shouldn't be here, right? And because I know I shouldn't be here, I'm not gonna act like I belong here either, right? I don't want anything from here. I just wanna skate through life. I just wanna skate through and just get the F out of here, right? I don't want cars or fancy things or money or I want good enough fitness, quote unquote, health, so I don't act like a lab rat sick here, right? I just wanna skate through this reality.

I wanna go through the third grade and not do my homework. And then just at the end of the semester, tell me I'm going to the fourth grade, which is in another different school. That's my whole reality here.

And the God with a capital G isn't even mentioned in the Bible. It's just the fact that all the gods have been given that name. Yeah, Yahweh is a man.

If you study it and read it, it's very clear in Exodus 15. But does he have an adversary? Meaning is there a Satan entity? Let's put it this way. It's purely political.

Are you pro Biden or pro Trump? If you're pro Trump, Biden is the devil. If you're pro Biden, Trump is the devil. That's all, that's all it is.

Right. It's political. Yeah, I heard that the state we're in now started with the reincarnation blanking and the fields that are supposed to suppress us and keep our ages limited happened around 25,000 years ago with the Leviathan races coming and taking over Atlantis and putting portals around.

I think the time thing is kind of messed up and I'll tell you why. Let's just say we had, I don't trust any of those numbers. It's fine to discuss them because sometimes they parcel out and work well, right? If I go shopping and I say I have three cans of beans and a dozen eggs, you can see that, right? Let's say it's even that good, but I could show you that those beans are not really beans and those eggs are not really eggs.

Or an egg is really an entire chicken. You know, when you eat an egg, it's no different energetically than eating an entire chicken. When you eat chicken, you just eat the muscle tissue.

You're not eating the organs, the feathers, the head or anything, right? But when you eat an egg, you're eating all of that, right? So you can get into all the fine points, the energetics, the portals, the time and all that. But time is just, do we wanna talk about when the event happened or the event? Because right now, I'll tell you, like I'm working on several projects. It'll be eight in the morning and I'm working on something and I feel like a half hour just went by.

I should get something to eat. It's eight in the morning. But I come in and look at the clock and it's five o'clock.

How is that possible? I'm not talking about lost time either because I know I'm not, you know, I tend to look at objects to see if they're changing in real time. It means I'm in a dream. I'm not in a dream state, no lost time.

So the whole thing about when things happened is I've gotten away from. I can talk a lot about things that are going to happen and are happening right now that I've discussed over a decade ago, even gave the year. But in terms of how long things are, I've really started to separate myself from the whole thing about time.

No, I'm with you. Yeah, I heard too many conflicted testimonies that I can't believe anything. So basically I'm just going by what's most compelling.

I agree. I agree, always, you know. But about the predictions, I think for the longest, I mean, for a long time, you weren't super clear cut about the exact time and the exact date of the reset, but after looking at our cakes and maybe other sources, I think you have concluded that the reset is not around the corner, but it's somewhere more along the lines of 2040, which also falls in line with the greatest, in my opinion, remote viewing experiment based on the year 2050, when all the people, they isolated that time period as the one that will be the most meaningful and that there will be no overpopulation, meaning that there must be a loss of life in the middle there.

Yes, yes. I think that that'll be more evident around the 2030 time, because they tend to push, when the powers that be, like Zan mentioned earlier, they know what's coming. Like, for example, you can go underground and someone will bring a text to you that's 3000 years old and it looks like it was printed 10 years ago, right? So everything, all knowledge is preserved, not on the surface though.

So I would suggest my time, I've always speculated and said, this is what's coming out of the biblical text, right? You have 2000 years here, this time period here, this is dictated to repeat at this time and I gave certain specifics and that seems to be working out. With the advent of the material from archaics showing it's more astronomical, geophysical and repeatable, mostly, there are many events, by the way, that were just, just as bad as what archaics talks about that happened that he doesn't talk about outside of that 138 year periodicity or that 500 something year periodicity, right? There are other events that were very similar to those. Very difficult to tell on that point.

Again, I've kind of divorced myself from the speaking out on time at all, the other past, present or future. And most of the stuff I'm just qualifying is stuff that I've derived from the biblical text because it's such a foundational book that everyone focuses on, but no one knows what's in it because they don't read it, right? They listen to other people who are telling them what's in it. Well, they can just read it themselves.

It's pretty simple. So I would question the veracity of the biblical text and its accuracy based on tampering, right? Or whatever, or how valid it is. But I'll tell you this, I'm an Old Testament kind of guy, right? I would rather get my law from something like the Old Testament than what the state is telling me to do in terms of how I eat, how I do business.

And by the way, if you look at all the conventional laws, what's considered common law, that all comes from that text anyways. No one seems to know it, so why not, right? And that's how I pretty much operate. But I think about the gods, that they always tend to appoint themselves as our creators.

That's something that signifies them because they want us to worship them. Yeah, big egos. That's something to find in the testimonies as well, firsthand.

But also, let me give a little diversion to that. Some, let's just say, I'm not a fan of the New Testament because talk about corrupted texts, but when the JES, the Messiah, there are more references to those that know, not believe, but know what's going on to calling them his brother, his family, not someone to worship, right? So just want to put that in there. There are some elements, quote unquote, of the gods that consider us to be brothers.

Now, what is a brother, right? So not, right, you don't worship your brother. So I just want to throw that in there. Yeah, because it's not all about worshiping.

No, and they also apparently see us as really cherished relations that we're their most prized possession, maybe, or? Yeah, it's kind of like when, in America, they do this, dad spanks the child and says, this is gonna hurt me more than it's gonna hurt you, but he spanks him anyway. I'm not into that kind of stuff. So do we have to go through what we're going through right here? I mean, most people think about it.

We can have this discussion as many times and with whoever, but 99% of the people, let's say 90% of the people to be more conservative have no clue and don't care, right? Everything is fine for them, right? So we're still talking about a rare, this is the stuff we're talking about here is for small, rarefied group. True, but there must be also a purpose why they would treasure us, which, yeah, has to do probably with the ascension cycle, but more immediately, what would you say is the main reason why we are so disputed and so coveted? Does it have to do with the physicality and what advantages do we have? I think it's like that material and non-material lineage, like someone who's raising chickens, you have to guard the eggs that the shells don't crack because those eggs, when they mature, will become chicks, which will mature and become chickens to carry on the bloodline and beyond, and the notion that chickens exist in the universe even. I don't know, but what I do know for sure is that I was sent here by mistake and I don't belong here and I'm not gonna act like I do, right? I know that for sure.

I know we're wasting our time, I know that for sure. Very simple, just anyone that you know, love, don't like, like or not, try to communicate. It doesn't matter what it is.

It's like, what the hell is going on? We are not communicating, right? And we're wasting time. And I know that for sure. I know for sure we're in a spiritually semi, well, we're also in a materially toxic place.

For example, materially, let's say you find an unadulterated society living on the surface. They're living in harmony with the land. They still get diseases and storms and earthquakes and outbreaks and attacks by wild animals.

So it's even toxic for the most optimum situations. It's very toxic. How very toxic it is to be here depends on the perspective, right? So I know these things are for sure that I mentioned.

And the rest, those past few things that I just mentioned, the past minute or so, is enough for me to chew on that may or not prevent me from going further. Why are we cherished or why are we here or what's going on after and all that? And at some point, you know, there's a mind state, you know, like you can be hungry and then you get some bad news and suddenly your appetite goes away. My appetite is gone for many of these things here.

I just wanna skate through this reality and get the F out of here. And then I'll take what comes as it comes. I know there's some people listening to this say, well, this guy's a real downer, man.

Well, too bad. Wake up, actually educate yourself. Because you know, if you go to sleep, you know, they say people should wake up.

Doesn't make any sense, because if you go to sleep stupid, you wake up, guess what? You're still stupid. You have to educate yourself. I mean, gain knowledge and workable knowledge that you can apply based on your capacity, right? Well, yeah, but that just means that you're not here to smell the flowers, but you still have a purpose because otherwise you wouldn't have this inborn reason to persist.

So it just manifests. Yeah, there are a lot of good movies. Let's say a scenario for a movie where someone's traveling cross country on the dog, you know, the Greyhound bus, and they get off on the wrong stop and they're left there.

And then the rest of the movie commences on their experiences there. That could make a good film. You could write a pretty good script around that, right? Yeah.

You said once that, which I agree that 90% of this existence, I mean, of what it boils down to is avoiding the idiocy around you. Right. That puts you in the bedstead.

And that's one of the, and once you realize that, you know you're not supposed to be here because it's a waste of time. There are too many governors, too many limits here. And it's, we're limiting ourselves.

You know, like with like, as humans, we relate with other humans, whatever term you wanna use as people, men and women. And when you find out that the majority is not interested because of some degraded state that they're in, you know, what does that do for those that, right? It's kind of like unpleasant. So you still have to make it pleasant.

You know, and as I'm getting older, I'm in my, going into my seventh decade. I'm 60 now. I've realized, you know, I don't like what's called atrocities, injustices, treating people poorly.

But when I start to consciously say I can see how that can be justified, I stop myself in question and say, now I'm feeling a little too angry, right? You know, like earlier when I said, if I had the mothership, I'd vaporize the surface. Yeah, it should be done. But would I be the one to push the button? I'd think twice.

But yeah, that's a requirement almost to really clean this place up. But when I start noticing that I hear about harm being brought to others, I'm like, oh yeah, maybe they deserved it. And I start to question myself and say, you know, it's not for me to think about those things at all, even whether it should have happened or whether we should do anything about it.

If you can do something about it without making too big of an effort, of course, hell. But I'll tell you this. I've told people that I know for many years now, when you're driving along the road in your vehicle, car, your conveyance, and you see an accident happen, don't hang around and be a witness or whatever.

But if you see that you can immediately do something to help, go ahead and help. But otherwise, just get the F out of there. Just get away from it, you know, right? Don't try to play the Good Samaritan stuff.

Unless you see there's a direct opportunity where you should do something, yeah? Otherwise, don't hang around and say, oh, maybe, maybe, maybe I can help. No, no, no, no, get the F out of there. None of this maybe stuff.

So in other words, make your movements in life more sure. Instead of like tracking on programming, oh, there's an accident, I should stop and see if they need some help. No, just get the hell out of there.

Right, that's how I see things going on in life. And I'm with you in the sense that you can say anything. It sounds maybe fatalistic, but in the end, it's not what you say that defines you, it's what you do.

And I really echo the feeling that things have gotten so bad that they can't get any worse. And like we said with the yin-yang, I think it reached one extremity and it can only get better. And that's why you seem jaded, but you're just being a realist.

Yeah, well, there are many cycles. Like hard times make good people or strong people, but then the strong people make good times, which makes weak people, which then brings hard times again. Right, and the cycle keeps going, right? And we're in the weak part.

Oh, absolutely, yeah. But the thing is, it's a mix. We're in the credits.

It's not gonna make sense this time. There's gonna be a group of very strong people that are going to just overrun the weak people. And there'll be nothing to measure it against to say like, oh, this happened before.

It's gonna be very unique, be done in a very different way. Yeah, so you're gonna see a lot of that going on. So as time progresses, things that don't make sense and they seem like they happened before and we could use historical references, but this is a new thing.

Yeah. Right, and since, just to maybe close it, since Christmas, so-called Christmas is around the corner, I just wanted to maybe go over the fact that I believe it's a celebration of Nimrod, who is sometimes called Marduk, who was the Babylonian ruler that was responsible for untold amount of massacres and was part of the fallen angelic, so that it's another inversion, right? Yeah, I'd say, but if you discuss an agricultural-based society, which we still are, by the way, there's a computer, a programmer developer guy, he's arguing with me that we're not agricultural and we don't need mining. And I said, what's that on your blue jeans? It's a metal button, well, you need mining for that.

And are you having lunch today? What are you eating? That's agricultural, right? You can't escape it. So agricultural, those that master agriculture, master the seasons and the times, and it would be the dark, you know how you have spring celebrations when the days are expanding and the weather is pleasant? You have the midwinter dark times of days. So they decided to mark those things with a feast or celebration or gathering, just like we have personal gatherings in our lives, and anniversaries, whatever, birthdays, people, things that people do.

On a social level, a national level, you have gatherings and things based on seasonal events. And one of the things was, you know, the Saturnalia, how many things in Christmas? The thing that gets me about Christmas, though, is this, there's some popular documentaries about Christmas and they start out by saying, well, we know that Jesus was not born at this time, it's actually pagan, but, always, right? And well, no one knows when he was born, but if you go to the scripture, it gives you an astronomical alignment which transcends any calendrical system. And if you look at that astronomical alignment when he was born, it's in the Book of Revelation, it was around 3 BC on the month of September on the day of 11, about 6.20 PM.

We get it down to the half hour because there's more than five or six astronomical bodies. You know, the more astronomical bodies you have in the alignment, the more discerning you could be on the time. So September 11th, 3 BC, that's why they had that big birthday party for him in New York 20 some odd years ago, right? So, anyway.

Yeah, it seems that the most obvious things are the ones that escape us the most and the ones that we need to work on the most. Well, everything is obvious to who, right? Right. You know, if we have a really big secret, I suggest we publish it and put it in the public library.

No one will ever find it. Right. But yeah, that's about all I prepared for today, so.

Well, that's fine. Good, I came unprepared as usual. Oh, it's okay.

Yeah, no, we're just happy to have you. I mean, I could go on forever. I have tons of stuff, but I mean, Greg, I just wanna be conscious of your time, but I appreciate you being here with us.

Greg, if you'd like to conclude or take reins while we both shut the fuck up, you know? No, no, it's fine. I have a shitty paywall with Ocelli. It's called Rated Y. You could, I don't even really promote it and whatever, like I said, it's behind a shitty paywall.

If you contact Ocelli at ocelli.com, if you're interested in joining, that's fine. It's called Rated Y. And because it's behind a paywall, it's not public, and I can discuss things on a more deep level and things that shouldn't be discussed. Let's say, you know, if you do a public website, you're subject to whatever you wanna call it, you know, censorship.

So I feel pretty free discussing things there. It's ongoing. We do about two, I don't do shows.

They're called sonic events. Because, you know, when I hear the word show, I'm looking for where's the donkey, where's the girl, you know? But anyway, yeah, so there's sonic events. And right now we're doing more of the private, I'm gonna be discussing more on the human body and discussing more of the realm here, how to operate in it and prosper, be completely prosperous in it.

And that just doesn't mean, financial also, and prosper, you know? And we discuss things like there's no such thing as health. That's a stupid term, you know? It's fitness. What level of fitness do you wanna attain? And, you know, many of the emo work, you know, all this other stuff.

Yeah, I guess I'm shamelessly promoting it, but I'm not, you know, don't contact me to join. Just go to ocelli.com, message him or whatever. He'll show you the way to get there, you know? Because it's private, you get into much deeper stuff that you hadn't previously.

Yeah, that's how it should be, right? I think, Zan, you know about that. You start going and doing public whatever YouTubes or whatever long enough and you're gonna, right? You're gonna have- That's the first step. That's the baby step to try and get you to stop.

Because if I was really onto something, you know, I wouldn't even be here breathing. But yes, yes, yeah. Yeah, yeah.

So anyway, I appreciate you guys. I like you both very much in terms of doing this kind of stuff. I think your audiences, I say your audiences, or the audience appreciates us three getting, having a chat during the Sonic event.

So it's all good all around. Yeah, great. Thanks for having me.

Yeah, it's really nice because I just don't get this in life or the way I can deduce things. And I don't know, it's like, it's like I wish my dad had this knowledge or whatever, but I don't mean to sit here and fawn over you or gush. I'm just saying, you know, I just, I don't know, man.

It's like you're the older brother I never had or whatever, but it's just, it's very nice to give us the time of day. And thank you so much for letting us record this session and sorry to hold y'all up. I just like to always express my thanks.

I do not take this for granted, but anyway, thank you so much. Oh, I know you don't. Yeah, thank you.

Thank you both again. Take care. Bye.